2	Owned a 2008 GMC Acadia and it was a total lemon, but we loved the design, space, and the look, we decided to give a 2014 a try.
2	So far we are very pleased.
1	Much better timing, braking, accelerating, AWD is impeccable, same interior space is great.
2	I love everything about this car.
2	I like certain things about this truck and there are some things that i dont care for but dont get me wrong it is a nice truck but they really have missed the boat with the power train and a few small things.
1	The cab is bigger but still not as big as the
2	it is a nice truck i really do love this truck
1	GMC has perfected the pickup
2	Great classy truck, not for everyone,
1	Looked at Dodge & Ford, thought the GM would be a better vehicle for my use, but I am left wanting a better truck for what I had to pay for it
1	Love it .
1	I've test drove all the trucks out there.
1	Even owned some the other trucks.
2	By far my favorite truck I have owned or tested.
1	it has great towing capacity and fuel economy.
1	Would not buy this, I would stick to the Ford F-150.
2	Very happy with this truck.
1	dealership was great.
1	Found exactly the truck I was looking for.
2	Threw in a bed liner at delivery.Have had ford and dodge in the past big step up.
2	price is pretty much equal like everybody else , cant beat the quality , smooth ride 3d night time gauges , I love it
1	No complaints!
2	Would not buy again
1	i would definately recommend this truck
1	Give it a 10 for great improvements over previous GMC 1500's that I have had.
2	SO FAR THIS IS EVERYTHING I HAVE COME TO EXPECT FROM A TRUCK .
2	EVEN IN THE COLDEST OF WEATHER ( MULTIPLE DAYS BELOW ZERO ) , THE INTERIOR FIT AND QUALITY HOLD TRUE .THE FUEL MILEAGE IS BETTER THAN THE FORD, AS WELL AS THE INTERIOR EGROMICS .
1	The GMC Sierra is on another level in terms of ride and interior quality.
1	The 6.2 liter v8 is a monster.
2	The thoughtful touches like LED lights under the bed rails and in the storage bin and the remote start via cell phone feature make this truck stand a
2	great truck
1	Great Truck.
2	Have had no problems at all since i purchased the truck.
2	Buyers remorse, this truck has major electrical issues.
2	This truck looks Bold,rides great and has all the feature creatures you ever need !!
1	Buying one on friday after testing and driving all the copetitors this truck excels on test drives.
1	GREAT GRATEGREAT
1	This truck is amazing!
2	i can not get over how quiet the cabin is and how well this truck drives and handles.
1	fit and finnish is unbelievable and this thing is solid!
1	far from the tinker trucks like toyota!
1	This is Americas truck for sure!!!
1	Well done GMC
2	Owned for 22 days been able to drive it 10 of those day because it is in the dealership for repairs.
2	Can not drive to far from home in case it breaks down waiting for back ordered parts.
2	I traded 2011 Ram wish I bought a Ram or a Ford.
1	I am not impressed
1	Outstanding truck
2	I would buy another...
2	the best truck I have ever owned.
2	I will buy another.
2	I like the GMC very well, and my wife feels real comfortable driving it.
1	We have looked at Ford and Dodge and they have some really good features.
1	But overall when all things are considered the GMC is the best for the cost, has good re-sale value and ver
2	Nicest looking, Greatest power, effective driver technology and instramentations.
1	Smooth ride.
1	great
2	Best vehicle I've ever owned, safe and powerful.
2	Great buy one
1	good truck
1	the best
2	I love it
2	Would not buy again, I compromised on the power hoping for the better mpg, well it delivered on the lack of horsepower, but came up short on EPA mpg ratings (I get about 20 combined mpg, and have never topped 25 mpg on a complete highway trip after now
2	traded in a 2010 Mazda CX 7 and like this SUV better, more room, quietier & smoother ride.
1	better warranty,
1	The 2013 GMC Terrain, based upon admittedly short experience, has proven to be excellent.
2	It is a good value at the price--I received 0% financing and a $500 rebate.
1	Overall I would reccommend that if one is interested in this vehicle don't even look at the small engine, you will waste your money.
2	I had this vehicle since Feb. 12 and just traded it in for a GMC Sierra 1500.
1	I live where there are many hills and the 4
2	I researched this vehicle for 2 years before buying the 2012 SLT V4.
1	I was looking for something more fuel efficient and stylish than my 2008 Trailblazer.
1	The terrain is a perfect fit and I average 25mpg.
1	The interior is great and I love the features, in
1	I would have to rate it up there with any of the best.
1	The only other one I think might be better, or perhaps just a bit bigger is the Cadilac SUV or crossover.
1	But, being as money doesn't grow on trees here in Wisconsin, I guess I will just be happy wit
2	Overall, I am loving this car!
1	I traded in a 2004 Tahoe with all the bells and whistles.
2	I love the smaller size of the Terrain but don't feel like I gave up interior space or amenities.
1	Love love love!
2	One of the Best and Most Appreciated New Vehicle I have ever owned and Driven
2	I went from a Nissan Pathfinder of 10 years to a GMC Terrain...huge change but I got tired of the getting gas twice a week and I needed something smaller and new.
1	I was never a fan of American cars but I did say that if I were to get one it would be a GM
2	Very pleased with the purchase of this vehicle.
2	Over all great car.I went from a fully loaded Chevy Astro to the Terrain and it was an easier switch than I thought it would be.Very comfortable just hot in the backand cold in the front.
1	:0/ And fyi I average 26mpg drive about 22 miles 1 way to work.So
1	I love it - so pretty and NOT round!
1	Near luxury...no question
1	Really like this vehicle if they could just figure out what is wrong with the collision alert system.
2	Would highly recommend to anyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune and still have room and a classy look.
1	Not to mention the comfortable ride.
1	Love it!!
1	Traded in a 2008 Ford Edge Limited for a 2013 GMC Terrain Denali and truly loved that I went with the deanali tag.
1	It really is a beautiful car and rides BEAUTIFUL.
2	I wouldn't trade it for the world!
1	I figure that it is a trade off...if you want good gas mileage, buy a compact or a hybrid.
1	If you want something more comfortable, but lower gas mileage, the terrain fits the bill.
1	The Terrain is a great all-rounderand has ample room for a 3 or 4 person family.
1	It reminds me of the classic station-wagon, a sadly defunct class of cars that were a good compromise between a sedan and a van.Don't expect sports sedan handling or acce
2	I won't buy another one.
2	I will go back to being a Jeep owner.
1	I can endure for another year.But will switch
1	It's a terrific package, especially styling and technology!
1	I'll have to just accept that in this eco-nuts era, I'm just not going to get the earth-splitting torque of yesteryear.
1	I'm not a huge fan of compromise in anything, but the Terrain is a convinc
1	Probably should have purchased a Ford Edge
2	our daughrter bought this for a mom van, trading an 8 cylinder truck.
2	She likes the terrain and it suits her needs now, but no power
2	If you need AWD on a mid size SUZ with V-6 power, this vehicle is worth the look.
1	love it.
1	8.5
2	I am pleased with my decision to purchase the GMC versus the Audi A4.
1	THIS IS AN EXELENT VEHICAL FOR THE MONEY.
1	GET THE V6 AND YOU CAN'T GO WRONG
1	I think this car is the next Aztec.
1	Very poor resale value.
2	Coin holder for double jointed person.
1	Hit the shifter when putting on seat belt.
1	Can't see gas gage because of steering wheel.
1	Drink holders in front rubber lined hole, watch trying to pull it
1	Overall it is a great car.
2	I like it and would buy another one.
2	We have the SLE model and for the price other cars did not compare.
2	We looked at Ford Escape, Honda CRV, Chevy Equinox and other small/midsize SUV's and none compared to what you get with the GMC Terrain.
1	This one looks like a 'keeper'!
2	Love the vehicle and I have the 4 cyl AWD in Wisconsin.
1	Cannot kick on the power or the performance.
2	Traded my Envoy for this vehicle just for the gas mileage and for the noise reduction on the highway.
2	Family and friends really like the extra room the b
2	I have 6 cy front wheel drive and I love my little car.
2	Previously I had a Suburban and was just tired herding it around town and parking.
1	I love the size and performance of the Terrain.
1	I really like this car!
1	Love the Terrain!
1	Test drive the other vehicles in this class just so your mind is at ease when you decide to purchase the Terrain!
1	Didn't drive the Hyundai or Kia so maybe take a look at those just in case.
1	The CR-V was easily the most uncomfortable veh
2	The 2013 Terrain is a good buy especially at the end of the year.
1	Just don't go overboard on the gizmos.
2	Love this SUV, just the right size for me.
2	I get a combined 27 mpg if I watch my driving style, lay into it and it goes way down.
2	best vehicle ever owned
1	Great Ride Everything In A Small SUV With 6 cy For All The Power And Speeds For California Traffic
1	Will never recommend to anyone.
1	Didn't realize GMC had such inferior product.
1	terrific
1	This is an exceptional small SUV.
2	It has plenty of power, gets decent gas mileage and is very comfortable.
2	Until I found this I thoguht I'd have to spend the day inside.
1	Overall very nice vehicle.
2	Would recommend buying V6 instead of 4cyl engine if awd model needed.
2	A very good Little SUV.
2	My wife loves the litte truck.
1	I would to see a litte more HP.. GMC you did a good job onm this truck and how to use it.
2	I would recommend the vehilce.
1	However, I think GMC needs to add the guidelines with the rear back up camera.
1	Most vehicles have this feature when they have the backup camera for the vehicle.
1	I would think this would be an added safety feature of the veh
1	I hope the makers consider correcting the problems I mentioned above.
2	If not I would not even consider purchasing this vehicle again
2	would buy again
2	we have always had a suv, but my first gmc & love it.
1	Too expensive for the product
2	I love it and would buy it again.
2	 DISAPPOINTED IN TERRAIN EVEN THOUGH THE SUV HAS A LOT TO LOVE.
2	would buy again
1	Would recommend for anyone.
1	Great safety score too !!!
2	Excellent, I would not think twice about buying one again!!!
1	The only thing this suv could use is a third seat.
2	Good vehicle but with the 3800 and it's power train it would be better and perhaps a 9.5
2	Love the car but really miss the safety feature of automatic lights.
1	GM missed the boat on this one and the dealership was not aware that this feature not available.
2	Call center in the Phillapines is no help.
2	dont get this car you will regret it it is very cheaply built
1	I would give it a 10.
1	Excellent
1	Test drive this vehicle if you get the chance.
1	The Denali is a very nice SUV to drive.
1	It has many nice driving and passenger features and it is powerful.
2	I love mine!
2	2013 AWD DENALI XL - Very comfortable ride, powerful, great handling, great exterior styling, all the creature comforts of your Living Room plus room for storage for the driver and passengers.
1	With (3) DVD screens to watch a DVD movie, front seat screen
2	looks and drives great just wish gas milage was as advertised
2	the best car i ever had
1	this is an awesome car
2	Worth the money
2	Very pleased so far.
1	That's a smart way of lokoing at the world.
2	Very very nice vehicle.
1	awesome
2	Love it completely and rue the day when I get my first smack and run scratch/dent from a parking lot knucklehead.
2	Love it completely and rue the day when I get my first smack and run scratch/dent from a parking lot knucklehead.
2	Great car  Sport Mode lLove the economy of the car and the price is cheap for the quality and reliability.Microfiber seats are great.
2	Need more travel on the drivers side.Car should have heated side mirrors.
1	Standard radio-ho hum- typical Honda.Noise is
2	I took more than one year to buy new car and in between I was going through numerous reviews, Test Rides and friends experiences Whoever bought any car brand in 1st week they were blown away but after some time you can see them back to reality.
1	I just can't justify paying over $500 a month for a car payment, doesn't make sense to me.The last generation was lacking in several areas, this generation is the best version to date.
1	The double-wishbone suspension is gone in favor of a traditional MacP
2	Just got the car and have only have 150 miles on it.
1	I think this is the ideal midsize choice.
1	None
2	My first honda.
1	Used to own Lexus, Toyota and VW.
2	Honda ride quality lacks compares to other cars I owned but still a good car.
2	Love the car and would highly recommend it.
1	The fit and finish is very improved over past models.
1	Braking is also very good.
2	Was considering some German models, but frankly the Honda reliability won me over.
2	We will use the car to travel in retirement, s
1	FIVE
2	Wife absolutely loves her coupe.
1	This Honda Accord is nothing short of breathtaking!
2	The driving experience is so good that at times it seems surreal.
1	Quality simply oozes from every component used in the construction of this American made product.
1	Do some research on the grades of meta
1	Great Car - Great Value - Great Reliability!
2	Unmatched in reliability and quality
1	Absolutely wonderful car!
2	Nice car, but I think I got a lemon.
2	I've had great success with Honda in the past.
1	Wow-Wow-Wow The 2014 Accord EX-L V6 is incredible.
2	Hard to believe its a Honda and not a Lexus.
2	Great handling, blue-tooth, back-up camera leather wraped steering wheel189 hp...
1	Best Accord ever.
2	We've been buying Honda's and Acura's since the late 1980's and this is the best Accord yet.
2	This is my first new car and I absolutely love it.
1	The style reminds me of a BMW.
2	The stock rims are fantastic I have the black on black Sport trim.
1	The car is fire.
1	The gas mileage is unbelievable for the amount of horsepower you get.
1	The infotainment a
2	It is just the best midsize car around for daily driving, long term ownership, value, all that good stuff is here.
1	Overall I would give it a 9.5 out of 10.
2	Superior to my last Accord, 2011 SE.
1	Excellent, reliable and technologically advanced transportation.
2	Came from a 350hp Subaru and was concerned that the 185ph I4 engine would not be enough power for me.
2	Glad I got the I4 with a timing chain (never change a $1000 timing belt), 40-46mpg, and power needed to get out of traffic in a hurry.
2	I would tell people about my car
2	This car fits our needs like a glove, yet is great lookingj, sporty and fun to drive.
2	I am 6'-2and am comfortable riding in the back - so with one seven year old son, this car will meet our needs for a long time.
1	And it is considerably less expensive t
1	The Honda accord V6 sedan EX-L's or (touring edition) offers high-end luxury and performance at a great price.
1	After looking at all the competition (including Acura), the Accord offered the best overall value.
2	You can not beat the resale value of this mid sized sedan.
1	People know Honda's reputation for reliability and it pays wen when it is time to trade cars.
2	I LOVE THIS CAR.
2	IT'S SMART AND AFFORDABLE WITH LOTS OF COOL, 'USEFULL', TECHNOLOGIES.
1	COLOR SELECTION IS DECENT AND ITS RESALE IS VERY GOOD.
1	wonderful car for the size-just as nice, if not nicer, than its competitors
2	Just purchased the 2013 Honda Civic LX auto and absolutely love it.
1	After looking at its usual competitors, I couldn't find another that had the looks, handling, refinement and value found in the Civic.
1	For under $20k, you get a rear-view camera, bluetoo
1	This car has improved greatly!
2	I use it as a commuter car and I love it.
1	An outstanding car.
1	Purchase the top EX-L trim if possible.
2	The interior has a vastly superior feel than the base model.
2	Excellent gas mileage, beautiful exterior and interior updates, excellent handling and standard features.
2	This vehicle is a great value and very fun to drive.
1	With Honda's reputation for quality and resale value you can't go wrong with the 2013 Civic.
1	Re
2	I just went from a 2010 Civic DX L to a 2013 Civic LX and I have to confess that I am surprised by all the new standard additions made to these cars.
1	The 2013 is physically more attractive in my opinion.
1	The equipment that comes with it is more than I pe
1	Love it!
1	Car buyers should at least consider this car.
1	After all they have the reputation of strong and efficient car.
1	The 2014 Corolla and Mazda 3 are new platforms but it came down to the Prius C and the Civic for me.
1	The Prius gets 50 mpg in city - and comes with all the features of the Civic EXL except for the backup camera.
2	However, I chose style over economy.
1	The P
1	With all you get, I think that this Honda is the best value no matter how rich or poor you are.
2	This is the first car I have ever owned that does not feel like i paid too much for, it has everything i need and then some at the right price.
1	I would definitely recommend this car to anyone looking at a small car.
1	The redesigned Civics for 2013 are probably the best small cars on the market.
1	Even the base LX model is on par with what other small cars have on mid and upper trim levels.
1	Review I
2	I just had this car for a week, and I am happy I chose it over the Prius C, which I had also considered.
1	I won't do much long distance driving, so the difference in fuel cost will be marginal.
1	Visibility is great all around.
1	The rear view camera is an ad
1	Simple.
1	Great car for it's price and a proven platform.
1	great, excellent
1	Decent car but not the world leader it has been in the past.
1	Styling: I love the new styling which resembles the 2013 Accord.
1	The chrome adds elegance and sophistication.
1	It is no longer the cheap looking econobox of the past.Engine: 1.8 Liter 4-cylinder with 140hp which means it has to work harder when passing an
2	Very Nice Car for drive in the Big City.
1	Save gas and money.
1	Only good for  Local commutes; very poor seat design.
1	LOVE this car!
1	2013 did major improvements from the 2012 model.
1	Great car for college students, luxury features in a compact car.
1	Great car!
1	Everything you need from a car
1	My review of the Honda Civic EX-L would be a 9.7 out of 10.0.
1	Absolutely wonderful vehicle.
1	9
1	This is a great every day car because of the gas efficiency, its interior comfort, and all the accessories necessary for every day life.
2	I think the consumer reports score is way too low..It must be for the 2012 not the 2013....For the money not much out there to beat in with style , performance, tech, and mileage.....
2	I love this car.
2	The power is just right for its size and I am comfortable in the interior, I don't feel cramped.
1	I am leasing this car and frankly will be glad when my time is up so I can return it.
1	The thing that bugs me the most is the highway experience.
1	The car goes all over the place at highway speed and needs alot of correction.
1	In city traffic it is a non is
1	I would recommend the civic if someone is interested in getting a lot of car for a decent price.
1	braking & handling are ok, the acceleration is slow, I can feel the street underneath me as if the car is low to the ground.
1	Love it!
1	Buy it and relax and enjoy a great ride..
2	I am very satisfied with my Civic.
1	I give it a ten all around
2	Perfect car for the price.
1	AMAZING VALUE.
1	Excellent car for the money.
1	It looks modern and had plenty of cool standard features.
2	I'm hooked on Civics from now on.
1	I think it would be a good reliable car but far from the best of its class
2	Best car I ever owned
2	If it wasn't for the seats, I'd give it a perfect 10.
2	I had a 2008 Civic that was wonderful.
2	Very comfortable, but lots of road noise.
2	It drove flawlessly to 100k miles.
2	I sold it and got a new one.
2	I sure hope I can learn to like the seat!
1	Best Compact Sedan in it's class
2	enjoy driving it
2	Excellent auto very versatile and drives well.
2	So far I'm completely satisfied.
1	The acceleration, tonal qualities of the V6 engine, suspension, handling etc.
1	are superb.
1	It's impressive looking and fun to drive.
1	There isn't much Honda could do to improve this vehicle.
1	The improved, rugged styling for
1	I give it a 9 out of 10
2	Great Cross Over, Honda you've done it again !
1	Great All-Around Vehicle!!!
1	One the subject of drivers size...
2	The CT is one of a very small number of available new cars that had enough room to accommodate my rather Bigger than the Average Bearsize.
2	It sits just high enough off the ground that it does not hurt my knees gettin
2	We really like our 2013 CT.
2	It is well made, comfortable driving (especially on long road trips), We get a number of people noticing the vehicle and make favorable comments.
1	It's a shame this vehicle is such a secret for the general public.
1	It drives lik
2	Fun car to drive and very dependable!
2	Mine is 3+ years old!
2	Have not felt this way about a car since my very first one.
2	Love driving this crosstour!
2	BUY THE CAR!
1	It has the reliabilty of a Honda, saftey factors a plus, comfortable, smooth, pleasure to drive, easy access getting in and out, doesnt feel like a truck or a bumpy sports car, feels like a magical cross, drives like a car, the rear window u
1	Love it, period.
1	Wonder why the Acura ZDX is such a failure (price), but ...
1	This car is just not for everyone.
1	Too bad, they lose.
1	Cars I've had that are up there: 944 Turbo, Legend Coupe, Q-45, 94 Corvette.
2	This is the best overall car I've ever owned, and I've owned Lexus and Mazda in the past.
1	Overall stylishness and function is not to be found anywhere else.
2	PS Your review did not give me the option to select 2010, but our car is a 2010!
1	love this car!
2	handles great in new England weather and on dry pavement.
1	very comfortable smooth ride.
1	love it all
2	I traded in a Lexus GS300 for the crosstour, mostly because I need more cargo room.
2	 I didn't want a full size SUV since I like the characteristics of a sporty sedan.
1	The Crosstour gives me the combination of both.
2	Plus, I did not lose any of the luxury f
1	Awesome vehicle
1	Love it!
1	should have power liftgate
2	Great Vehicle!
1	BUY THE CAR!
2	It has the reliabilty of a Honda, saftey factors a plus, comfortable, smooth, pleasure to drive, easy access getting in and out, doesnt feel like a truck or a bumpy sports car, feels like a magical cross, drives like a car, the rear window u
1	Verry nice car!
1	I love it!
1	The blind spots take time to get used to.
1	Wish it had an interior trunk/hatch open latch.
2	My overall review is that this is an excellent automobile and would recommend it to anyone looking for a stylish all-around auto.
2	I love it!!
2	Just a great car to own and drive!
1	Highly Recommended
1	Great Car
1	Price - Value - Safety
2	Handles well, the V6 has enough power to get up to highway speed from ramps and into the flow of higher speed traffic.
1	Good fit and finish.
2	Room for taller people in front and rear.
2	Ease of using the rear cargo area.
1	Great for golf equipment.
1	Review ID:
1	Looking forward to many years with my CR-V!!
2	highly recommend this vehicle
2	This vehicle is reliable and meets all my needs.
1	Do not hesitate on this SUV.
2	I tested all popular models and this one won out.
2	This is the second Honda CR-V we have owned.
1	The AWD gets around 3mpg less around town than the front wheel.
1	If you are looking for value, comfort, safety, reliability, resale value, and good performance then the Honda CR-V deserves a serious look.
2	Highly recommended.
2	I droved comfortable sport cars and coupes prior to buying this CRV, so it is very uncomortable to sit upright.
1	However, it is a quality built and reliable reasonable priced vehicle.
1	It is more suited to a smaller person as my wife.
2	Having issues with the Tire pressure warning light.
2	It has come on 5 times it about two months, back to the dealer 3 times, no solution.
2	Honda America will inform me when a computer fix can be done.
2	Very unhappy driving with the light on........ Review I
2	Great car.
1	Looking forward to getting 250000 outa this one
2	Excellent car for the money.
1	However when one adds trim and options it gets pricey.
2	I would recommend this vehicle to anyone who is looking for a high quality, versatile, family vehicle.
2	Good for use around town, but don't take it on a trip unless you want a back ache and ringing in your ears.
1	I really like this car
2	very stylish,easy to drive
2	We were concerned that switching from our Honda Accord EX-V6 to the Honda CR-V would cost us more to operate..
2	But we were pleasantly surprised that our CR-V actually gets better mileage than our Accord..
1	Needs side warning lights on mirrors.
2	I love driving again!!!
1	The price was great, the gas mileage is better than most.
1	I would recommend this SUV to others and family members.
1	Great Job Honda!!
1	:)
2	This is my 5th Honda after 3 Civics and a Pilot EX-L AWD.
1	I did prefer the Pilot, but not the 17-18 mpg.
1	I am getting 25+ mpg in the CR-V in a blend of stop-and-go and highway driving, which is good for an AWD vehicle.
1	Haven't had a chance to really test
2	Is excellent for running around town and short trips down the interstate.
1	Is not a high end ride but very well equipped.
1	I am 6 foot if you are taller you might have a problem with driver leg room.
2	had the cr-v for 1 month and found no flaws yet.
1	Wife's
1	OK
2	I highly recommend this SUV.
2	Much better then my 2007.
1	Construction quality is very good.
1	Headlights are dangerously terrible.
1	Look elsewhere ----
1	Good car at a good price.
1	Excellent quality!
2	Excellent
1	Awesome car.
2	This is my 4th generation of CR-V and it's getting better everytime Honda redesigns it.
1	Good job Honda!
2	Love it, will buy another.
1	In Eco mode, I'm getting 31 mpg overall
2	I'm a bachelor, so the two seats are fine with me; but may not be for others.
2	I would recommend this car to everyone who asks me.
2	It's great to drive.
2	Handles great on wet roads.
2	I'm so happy I bought the CRZ in February.
2	It's one amazing looking car that's oh-so-fun to drive.
2	As a lone commuter, like almost everyone else on the road, the two-seater CRZ has been perfect for me.
2	After 6000 miles, the fuel economy remains much bett
1	9 out of 10
2	The ability to think like that is always a joy to behlod
2	This is my first SUV and I love it!
1	Honda truly made a vehicle in its own category: it's like a jeep, a truck and a van all in one.
1	The Element is perfect for my active lifestyle.
2	It is easy to park and has a small turning radius.
1	The lack of carpet make
1	Out of my fourth Honda.
1	Three Civics and this Element.
1	I think the Element is best so far.
2	I don't have to twist my back up for access.
1	I love the design.
1	Very roomy interior.
1	It will last many years as Honda's do.
2	it's a really great practical auto if you own you will see
1	Best All around vehicle I have ever owned, does everything, and takes me out for Sushi.
2	I bought this new at the end of January 2011.
1	A very good SUV.
1	It has Honda engineering.
2	Very reliable.
2	It feels safe, but it does have a high profile.Overall, a good buy.
1	They evidently last a long time as well.
1	If you take a serious look at the way you drive and you find that your real needs are multi purpose, functional and reliabilty, then the Element should be considered.
1	You can add a few creature comforts along the way as most do with their cars.
1	The cost
2	People have frequently asked me how I like my car and I probably bore them to tears extolling the virtues of the Honda Element.
2	I have put very little money into this car other than the normal wear and tear type things.
2	Spent only about $1000 in 9 years and 178000 miles since 2003
1	A great vehicle for carrying anything from a TV to dogs
2	ALL GREAT FEATURES
2	This is a car that I would buy again but probably won't have to because of HONDA'S record of durabilaty.
2	A car I would recommend highly...lot's of interior space...good mpg....attractive design in the sport package...car is a lot of fun to drive and has all the features I needed for a commuter car and it's peace of mind because it's a Honda.
2	I've owned only Honda cars for 35 years.
2	Wouldn't even consider buying anything else.
2	I love my new Honda Fit.
1	all in all good car for in town driving
1	The Fit is a great car that has many thoughtful design features Honda's Engineers did a Great job!
2	nice car, fun to drive, great gas mileage with 5 speed manual
2	Great oil change and schedule services at Honda dealer for saving time and less stress.
1	I would highly recommend the fit
2	Not perfect, but pretty amazing.
2	Like it better than civic.
1	It has more personality and is sportier.
2	We love our little Fit.
2	My wife loves minivans and the fit is like a mini mini mini van.
1	Compared to other cars we drove, this one sits higher and you feel like you are in a larger car.
1	we just love it.
1	When I was a teenager I bought a new honda civic an
2	Great car will have it forever and when the motor goes out you can put in a bigger honda motor.
1	inferior materials verrrrrrrry inferior breaks easily.
1	would not recommend the buy.
1	i have to tape up the interior of my car.
1	isgusting.
1	cant afford to repair it too expensive.
2	9.5 overall.
1	A cover in the truck would be very good.
1	Fantastic car by great manufacturer
2	When I bought the fie.t, I never imagined the real worth of this vehicle, People want to buy from me.
1	Mileage and i have proof, 36- 45 miles per gallon.
2	Oh, i own a 2011 model awsome little car immings.
1	loved Hopndathe cake and all it's trwith great feat
2	did i say i love my insight?
1	i traded an F250 Super Duty (Super at emptying my wallet) the money I spent in diesel fuel is paying for my car, insurance, AND gas.
1	Do I miss my truck?
1	What truck!
1	Nice car.
1	Solid reliable high MPG car
2	Should not pass up this car ... worth the money and then some
1	This is a wonderful car and if you are in the market for a hybrid commuter car, you must test drive it.
1	There is more out there than the Prius.
1	Good purchase and like the great mileage with a great ride.
1	very nice,
2	Overall, I'm very happy with the Honda.
1	Honda quality, innovation, and ingenuity is there.
2	It's safe and feels stable in adverse conditions.
2	I'm reviewing an older 2008 model, because not a lot has changed with this vehicle since then.
1	Lets face it...this truck doesn't exactly win beauty contests.
1	But, what it lacks in looks, it more than makes up for in personality and quality.
1	I looked at A
1	I wish that Honda would update the inside with automatic head lights and more up to date controls on the dash.
2	I would recommend this truck to everyone I know because of the smooth ride and storage.
1	Maybe they could work on the mileage too with a differe
1	If you are looking for a truck and you do not need a huge bed, look at the Ridgeline.
2	My truck fits my needs like a glove.
1	I live in a area of the country where we get hammered with snow.
2	My truck goes through snow like a knife through hot butter.
1	The 4
2	love it I have owned 2 of them and will buy a third
1	Love it!
1	Nice going into the dealership and not having high pressure sales.
1	Salesman at Martin Honda ( Bruce) said this is what I have and here is the price.
2	And it was a fair price!
1	Also, if you're going to trade in your vehicle go on line and check itf
1	There is much more to like than dislike.
2	It is a very handy truck for a person who occasionally hauls and tows but likes the feel and riding position of a truck.
2	It isn't so big you can't park it, but not so small you can't haul anything.
2	So far, it is j
2	So far no issues with the truck.
1	Added Front & Rear Honda splashguards prior to delivery.
1	Had the dealer undercoat the chassis with Auto-armorand paint sealer.
1	Would recommend a buyer to forgo purchasing Honda Front Floor Mats as they are inaquate in
2	First time I owned a 2008.
2	It was not prep well but I think it was more that the dealer wanted to dump this unit since it had been sitting on their lot for 11 months.
1	Window squeak, windows opened on their own (dealer could not duplicate, of course!
1	)I ha
2	I am a ASE Master technician, and with working on All makes and models, THIS VEHICLE IS ONE OF THE BEST!
1	YES, i WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TRUCK TO EVERYONE!
1	KEEP UP MAINTANCES, AND ITLL BE A GREAT TRUCK, FOR YEARS.
1	Shopped the Azera, Regal GS and VW CC.
1	Loved the way the Regal drove, but liked the Azera best of the three.
2	Dealer gave me a great deal on my tradein.
2	For the money, this is a great car ( so far).
2	Longevity will be the best determination of what I sum up this car to be, but with the warranty it shouldn't be an issue
1	Hyundai has changed the game with this machine.
1	Now it's time for them to change the symbol and grab the youth/midrange age market.
1	We are the furture and Hyundai can be the leader in this lucrative market.
1	So what's it going to be Hyundai?
2	BBQ or mildew
2	Overall we are very satisfied with the Azera and would probably buy it again.
1	The car has beautiful lines and style.
1	Nice job Hyundai.
1	Excellent
1	You won't regret buying an Azera if this is the car you like.
2	This car is like lexus + benz from hyundai
1	just a great car !!!
2	just great
2	Really Happy with choice.
1	Won't see your self coming and going, they are unique and standout.
2	Really didn't want $4K primer package - big hot sunroof, hard 19tires, and few other toys.
1	The base 450 watt stereo is great and includes subwoofer.
1	Review ID
1	Excellent car for the money.
1	Good warranty.
2	Would buy again.
1	An excellent vehicle.
2	Better than the Lexus ES I traded in and $10,000 cheaper than a new Lexus ES.Incredibly spacious.
2	I am 6'2tall and never have to move my seat up to make room for passengers in the back.Can't imagine why Hyundai doesn't do anything
2	I thought my Sonata was a great car, but the Azera goes way beyond it in offering a quiet, luxurious ride; beautiful, head-turning styling; and an incredible array of tech gadgets and gizmos that I marvel at every time I use them.
1	Yes, it's around $10k m
2	This is my third Azera, from 2008 to 2010 until now a 2012.
2	I am so impressed with this car that I bragged about it at the 2013 Philly Auto show also there is not enough room given here to go into detail about my satisfying experience with Azera.
1	However
1	The car is little more pricey than before, but it is still a best buy for the money and compares very favorably with Lexus, MB and Audi for much less $
1	Rides great, looks amazing.
1	Finally a V6 that gets just about 30 mpg.
1	I'm impressed.
2	The LED lights are fantastic as well as the panoramic roof, cooled and heated seats.
1	Blue Link is amazing.
1	The things that I can do with my smartphone now in ratio to th
1	Excellent car for the price.
1	better than Lexus 350 by a wide margin.
1	Great car for the money, we were used to spending 60 to $70K for her car.
1	This car has more equipment, handles better at much lower price tag.
1	Gets a lot of thumbs up from other drivers.
2	The more she drives it the better she likes it.
1	Always finding nice
1	A pleasure to drive
2	My second Azera , have a 2007..no problems after 75K ...hope this 2013 gives me the same reliability.
1	well made
2	Great purchase for the money.
1	NAV, heated front & rear seats, leather and everything a person could want at a great price!
1	Overall opinion, I would recommend this car to anyone looking for an alternative to the aging Maxima, the base model ES350, Honda Accord, or Toyota Avalon.
2	The value to me was with all of the options, this car is LESS money than ALL of the competitors wi
2	Hands down best car I have ever owned.
1	I am from Detroit and know what a car should be.
1	This is a great car.
1	Oh, by the way, Consumer Reports stick to what you know- Dishwashers
1	The Azera is full sized stylish car that is quiet, smooth ridding, and very comfortable; whether it's short trips around town or on an extended road trip.
2	The vehicle has plenty of cabin room and cargo space.
2	I compare my Azera to my previously owned Lin
2	I love my new car.
1	This is a great car.
1	Hyundai is building solid reliable quality cars
2	I love this car, once we test drove it I had to have it.
2	Got a great deal and for all the bells and whistles on this car the Avalon would have cost well over $40,000.
2	Great car for the cost, looking at purchasing a second one.
2	Best large car out there, and at a reasonable price with great warranty.
1	Buy this car!
2	Getting almost 30mph on hiway, quiet smooth ride, very stylish.
2	For the price, dependability and features, this car exceeds all of my expectations!
2	I have owned many cars in the last 40 years but this is the best automobile ever.
2	I had to put it in the garage as it is so fun to drive.
1	Many people see it out and about and want to know what it is as the Azera is not seen on the road very much.
1	The rid
2	Great car at a great price, best value for the dollar.
1	Handles a little like a sports sedan.
1	Then again, I ain't your normal grandfather.
1	AAA
2	Best value for the money.
1	Almost everything comes standard.
2	The Accent has come a long way over the last 5 years and I would rececommend this car to anyone looking for a car in this price range.
1	Over all not a bad car.
1	Great price for the features,great warranty.
1	You would think if you went down to this size car the fuel mileage would have been worth it.
1	I would consider now a diesel or a hybrid.
1	Awesome little car
1	This review is to counter the ridiculously biased review of Dennis in South Carolina on 08/04/2012 who sounds like an angry 9 year old child - and has no clue what he is talking about.
1	great design , plenty of room inside, especially back seat compared to elantra and sonata.higher roofline means better headroom, higher sitting off ground means easier to get into/out of.ignore the review from the guy who doesn't even own one!
1	just a jea
1	Don't do it until someone shows you that Hyundai can reach 500,000 Miles like my previous 97 Civic did., and overall Hyundai copys Honda and Toyota, and Lexus, and Acura.
1	When you unlock a Hyundai, the unlock chime belongs to Toyota.
1	The steering wheel,
1	Great car for the money.
2	It's everything I expected.
1	I would recommend over a Nissan or Scion
2	I bought the Russian version (called Hyundai Solaris), because it's not sold in other European countries.
1	It's an automatic hatch with 5 doors.
1	It's very well-tailored for the harsh conditions of the Russian roads.
1	Come on, Hyundai, bring this fantastic
1	Great car for a great price.
1	Anyone looking for safe reliable car thats below 14,500.
2	The Accent is the one
1	overall i would say hyundai is fast becoming the auto of choice based on how many i see now and the reviews the company is receiving.
2	after a couple years i'd like to revisit this review and see what i have to day then.
1	right now, it's a  no-brainer...
2	I travel mostly highway miles, a commuter car, so its puuurfect for me; and after a two and half months of ownership, who needs a elantra or a sonata?
2	the car has a bulletproof engine and transmission somewhat basic suspention could be a little stiffer, but steering is nice and tight needs a little practice to get it to go straight, this car has the capability to last a very long time you just need to
1	Overall I'd rate it a 9.
2	I have had my 2012 Accent since July 2011, no problems and it rides well.In the winter traction is sometimes a problem....but usually when other cars also have the same problems
1	Excellent
1	Don't hesitate to drop in on your Hyundai dealer.
1	These guys have come a long way , and these cars are proof of that.
1	Buy it now.
2	I enjoy driving this car but if I had it to do over I would buy another Elantra.
1	Excellant subcompact vehicle.
1	No frills but I bought it for economy and it has surpassed every expectation.
2	All in all I like the car.
2	Hyundai has a good reputation and I get over 40 miles per gallon on trips.
1	The best MPGs that I have gotten is 38 and that was when I was driving 45 MPH.
1	I commute mainly on the Highway, about a 70/30 split between highway and city streets and I average 27 MPG.
2	Have been running a test with this tank of gas and keeping car at 6
1	My overall review is, do not buy a Hyundai or KAI.
1	You would be better off with some other vehicle.
1	I will never ever buy another Hyundani or KAI.
2	I own a KAI Soul, also.
2	bought this car after reading reviews and test drove looking at the MPG listed on the sticker.
2	Well my mileage has been lousy and I complained to Hyundai corporate and all they are doing in giving me the run around sending a speedsheet to track my mileag
1	Overall, this is a very good car.
1	Your view of this car will vary depending on what type of vehicle you are coming out of.
1	You need to take a good test drive of the Elantra before making a final decision.
1	The materials in the car are on level with an eco
2	Overall, we love with car.
1	The mpg is good, not great but good.
1	I once got 38mpg doing 65mph, when doing 70/75mph I get 32-35mpg.
2	In the city where we do most of our driving, we avg 20-25mpg.
2	 We bought this car because my wife was expecting.
1	Her SUV was
1	Its about how you drive the car that determines the fuel mileage not what a sheet of paper says.
1	We feel as though the mileage for any car will be the same for every person and every environment based on its window sticker at the dealership.
1	Get yourself
2	should have bought a Subaru or Honda civic for the price vs. mileage.
2	Much worse than I planned for and very poor at being honest about it all.
1	A lot of car for the money, but don't expect great fuel economy.
1	nice car
2	I bought a 2013 base model with Auto Transmission.
1	(Monaco White with black cloth Interior).
1	Only option was the auto rearview mirror with homelink.
1	The homelink system comes with a built in compass, 3 garage door openers, auto dimming at night and Hyund
1	I LIKE HYUNDAI AS A CAR COMPANY.
2	I GET EMAILS, SERVICE REMINDERS, AND LET'S NOT FORGET 100K WARRANTY!AS A CERTIFIED MASTER AUTO TECH, I CHOSE THIS CAR FOR THE REPUTATION, VALUE AND DEPENDABILITY
2	I bought this car after reading recommendations from consumer reports.
2	I am not impressed overall with Hyundai and will probably not buy another one.
1	I will go back to Honda or Toyota of which I have owned both and they are absolutely trouble free cars A
2	DO NOT BUY THIS CAR!!!
2	I have owned the 2013 Elantra Coupe since 07/2012 & am already scouring the internet to find a replacement...anybody got a suggestion???
1	I may go back to Toyota, they are wash & wear worry free rides...
1	GREAAT CAR
1	best in class!
1	i own and have built several classic cars and hot rods i know cars- i test drove five competitors - was on my way with a friend to buy a ford focus, he said try the elantra limited, i read they are really a nice car!
1	so instead, i first we
1	GREAT CAR
2	I have been very impressed with my 2013 Hyundai Elantra.
1	I would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable but snappy looking, well-engineered car.
2	My daughter just bought one as well and she loves it.
1	When we lived in Japan, we visited South Kore
1	Excellent car ....best value in smaller cars .
2	I also have a Sonata Limited and this car is equally fun to drive for a lot less cost.
2	I'd give this car a perfect ten if I had the engine broken in but to be fair I gave the acceleration a 9 because I haven't put the peddle to the medal for fear of breaking in the engine incorrectly!
2	I like this car, my wife loves it so I'm a happy camper
1	Overall, a great economical sedan.
1	Excellent value all around.
1	I just rented this car, car was brand new, only 940 miles on it.
2	Car drove good, gas tank runs small.
1	I am comparing this car to my Honda Accord.
2	Came home,drove my Honda and felt like I was driving a tank compared to the Elantra.
1	This is not in a good w
2	I feel I was taken advantage of because of Hyundai's inflated advertised gas mileage of 28 to 40 MPGThe car felt good and is roomy but the main reason I bought it was because of gas mileage.
1	If Hyundai had advertised correct mileage I would have bought a
2	Again, not dissapointed by buying an Elantra.
1	The industry still has not caught up to Hyundai.
2	With the design of the  easy to usecontrol center, my eyes are never off the road for more than a second or two.
1	With the nav system, sirius, heated seats an
2	Great car for the price.
2	This 2013 SE-COUPE M/T is probably the best small car I've ever owned!
1	Excellent choice.
2	For the money I would do it again.
1	I would recommend the car if you are interested in road trips that get great mileage...with care.
1	Or if you have a heavy foot get a Vette.
1	So I felt it necessary to comment on the gas mileage.
2	I have just over 4000 miles on this car.
1	Most of my driving is highway at speeds around 70.
2	Until last fillup my mileage has increased with every tank.
2	My last tank I averaged 35.5 mpg.
1	I have only us
1	Hyundai quality is not anywhere near Toyota or Honda.
1	Dont believe the consumer magazines.
2	I have owned Toyota and Honda vehicles and have had zero problems I am afarid to take this car on a long trip as something may break or leak.
1	Tim B. wrote an exellent appraisal of the Elantra and I concur with his review.
2	In short, I love my Elantra and intend to drive it for many years.
1	Folks, this is not a luxury vehicle, keep this in mind when you are reviewing the car.
1	It is a very good qu
2	I really like my 2013 Elantra and I'm glad I bought it.
1	In town gas mileage is not as good as rated.
2	My average mileage with a combination of highway and town driving is about 28 mpg.
1	However, if you drive it on a flat highway at 65 mph in Eco mode, you
2	If mine is listed in the recall, I will most likely sell, and never go back to Hyundai.
2	Service department are people who know how to exchange parts only.
1	On my lemon 2012 it took them 3 months out of 6 months I had car, and then they hauled it from my h
2	Just purchased new 2013 GLS.
2	Great price and MPG.
1	Last auto 2010 corolla averaged 34 mpg.
1	Passenger thought I hadn't started car when I went to backup.
1	Engine really quiet.
1	NOT GOOD
1	Over all the car is a great deal.
1	I drove a civic and it was to low to the ground, small inside and hard to get in and out of.
1	Toyota has nothing in this size that is very stylish, after all I don't want just good gas mileage, I also want a great looking
2	Purchased through Costco program.
2	$25k list price, bought for $ 22k with extended warranty.Comfortable ride for 6.2' driver.
1	Well equipped for the money.
1	LOVE IT!!!!!!
1	Satisfactory
1	Smooth ride.
1	Great gas mileage.
1	Nothing wrong with this car.
1	The digital readout of MPG fluctuates widely!
2	I drive 40miles round trip to work 90% is freeway AND the MPG goes from 27 to 38MPG.
1	The problem is the higher numbers only last for a minute or two.
2	When the grade elevates, down goes the MPG.
1	When I have to
2	This car rides nice with comfortable seats.
1	It has above average styling fit and finish.
2	nice handling and good acceleration and gets around 30 mpg not 40 mpg.
1	You will receive a 5 year free roadside assistance and a 10 yr power train warranty for worry
1	I did a great deal of research and test drove the cars on my short list.
2	Except for the visibility problem, I am happy with this car and think I picked the best of the batch according to my criteria.
1	Better visibility in another car would not compensate
1	some good &some bad things = only a fair car I hope this trend of cheaper materials & higherr prices ends soon.
2	on the good side is the Warranty all 3 of my hyundais were bought from the same dealer NEVER a problem with service.
1	I would like to see a lit
1	The Elantra is a near unbeatable car.
2	The only thing is it is missing is less than superb drivability.
1	It is still nice to drive.
1	It is NICE to drive, not EXCITING to drive.
2	But unless you're a driving enthusiast, you won't know the difference, and to th
2	Very pleased with car!!!
1	Get this car you won't be disappointed.
1	You hear things like the vents are to low, wrong, I've had to use the air on it this summer and it hits me just right.
1	Gas mileage is great so far.
2	The steering seems to be an issue with some but you get used to it
1	Love the car.
1	Unless Hyundai starts producing horrible cars, I will probably buy a new one in about 5 years.
1	In order to get great mileage (as advertised) you can't have a heavy foot during excelleration.
2	I use the cruise control a lot (even in town) to maintain and adjust speed, which also helps the mileage.
1	I love this car!
1	Definitely would recommend it as a commuter.
1	Overall I am dissapointed with the gas mileage in the city.
1	Other that the MPG this car is great.
2	I am very happy with my car.
2	My car buying experience was very pleasant, I did not feel pressured or stressed.
1	Hyundai seems to understand that good customer service is what sells cars and keeps customers coming back.
1	I have a whole new view of Hyundai automotive engineering capability.
1	These guys are off the charts where it counts!
1	Form and Function are very well executed with the Elantra.
1	Overall great car value.
1	I highly recommend this car.
1	All in all very satified
2	Great car, has all the toys my TL had, plus backup camera, keyless startup, nav system works great.
1	Ipod integration is wonderful.
1	Love this car
1	car rides nice , ok on gas and good looking car .
1	handles well also.
1	spare tir kit cost alot.
1	I love it!
2	I have an Elantra Coupe.
2	It handles well, but the brakes can be touchy at times.
2	I have had it for almost a year now, no problems to speak of yet!
1	Love the heated seats.
2	The air vents are alittle lower than most cars, but I got use to them pre
1	I like the styling, the interior, and has good enough space for what it is.
1	Am dissapointed though with the MPG's i am getting with this car.Just about every car i have purchased in the last 15 years, i haven been able to match or in some cases exceed th
2	I own the new 2006 Elandra.
2	At less 6-year and 34K mileages, the radiator and engine died suddenly without any sign with a lot of coolant spreading and engine smoking.
1	The car was towed to the dealer and was told by local dealer and the manufacture that
1	gas mileage is not what is stated or even close.
1	seat seam uncomfortable, shifter is clumsy could have put leds in mirror and door lock switches.
1	otherwise GREAT CAR
1	AWSOME VALUE THE BEST
1	Great value compared to other vehicles in this class.
1	Car is stylish and even fully loaded isn't overly pricey.
2	I drove the Sentra and Dart (loved the Turbo engine) but when it came to the bottom line the others weren't close.
1	The Focus had more power bu
1	please read my pros
2	I don't regret buying the Elantra.
2	I love driving it.
1	PS.
1	a little more truth on the gas mileage claims
1	good
1	Looking for a reliable vehicle .
1	look no more.
1	OK.
2	Good looks, very safe, excellent mileage,100k warranty, glad I opted for the manual.
1	I am beginning to think the auto trans.
2	is hurting the mileage coupled with ethanol use.
2	I would buy this car again in a minute.
1	I comparison shopped the Honda Civic (I have owned four), the Scion, Nissan, Mazda, Ford Focus and Fiesta, Toyota Corolla, Chevy Cobalt and Dodge Dart.
1	After more than a year of talking to owners of other brands, doing online research, test driving etc,
2	im satisfied with the price and performance and for me that says alot cuz im a picky fat man to put it politely
1	I have given my salesmans card to several people and I would suggest that people really look at this car as their next purchase
1	A great car for the price
2	Brakes need to be addressed/recalled to be corrected.
2	I'm told there is a  courtesyletter regarding the brake issue, however my  VINis not included.
1	Hyundai needs to work on a permanent solution to cosmetics with regard to the finish of the paint and
1	High maintenance and not a smooth ride.
1	No get up and go.
2	Already in the shop with only 500 miles on the car.
1	Overall, this is an excellent car for the money.
1	Get the GLS with Preferred Package and you're set.
2	Decent enough car, but I feel cheated into it through false MPG claims.
1	Hyundai has lost my trust and therefore I will not be purchasing any of their future vehicles.
2	love my car
2	I love the car and would recommend to anyone.
2	I ran out of room in my cons, so to continue, I wish the rear seat armrest had a window in it to pass through skis, pipes, and other long objects without folding down the seats.
1	Nice feature I've had in past cars.
1	Last con is personal preference, but I w
1	No regrets.
1	I can see myself driving Elantras as long as they are being manufactured.
1	I would recomend this car
2	It performs fantasticly and handles great on very little fuel
2	Our current 2009 Honda Civic and previous Honda Fit both have lower EPA mileage estimates than the Elantra but get better mileage (same driving...70% highway and 30% city).You will be lucky to get 30 mpg with 70% highway driving on the Elantra.
1	Fit and C
1	reviews don't lie and a fact is a fact.
1	If you want to spent more money on a car it doen't make that car better
1	Pretty car.
2	Comfortable on long trips.
2	Did well this winter on icy roads.
2	We love the heated seats.
1	I find it hard to believe all these people saying they are only getting 25 to 28 MPG with this car.
1	They must be serious led foots.
1	I drive mainly around town with little to no highway driving and I've never gotten below 28.
1	Usually get about 30.5 to 31.
1	order a spear tire
1	nice car
2	I would definetly buy this car all over again.
1	Well worth the price.
1	Like the car.
2	Was hoping I would love it.
1	WOULD RECOMEND THIS TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR SMALL SEDAN
2	From first sight I felt an affinity for/with this car.
2	I'm very pleased with my Elantra and am not at all disappointed, even having come from a 6 cylinder.
2	I don't feel that I've  stepped downat all.
2	It has a comfortable ride and looks great for a smal
2	So far so good!
1	I had a Kia Forte Koup which I liked alot.
1	The Elantra is better then the Kia and offers better ride, better engine and better transmission.
1	so far cant say anything bad about the car very comfortable riding car and for the price you cant beat it
2	This is easily the best economy car out there.
2	With the warranty, the good customer service and the MPG rebate, this car is a steal.
1	Again, do not listen to the MPG knuckleheads.
1	They obviously do not know how to drive efficiently.
1	Mileage is great.
1	On a recent highway trip, I was up to 42 mpg.
1	Nice carif you want to save money on gas
1	LOVE THE CAR
1	for designer n future lovers... the best car...not for driving lovers
2	I'm happy with this purchase.
2	My car has 600 miles on it now and for the money this car is hard to beat.
2	I owned a 2002 Sonata that has 193,000 that I kept for a work car for me.
2	My wife loves the new Elantra.
2	overall veey happy with car 1st i have boght since 1970 that is not a toyota.
2	hopefully time will show the durability that has kept me in the toyotas
2	Overall, the 2013 Hyundai Coupe is a pleasure to drive.
2	WIth hands-free blue tooth capability, very responsive controls, and a surprisingly quiet (for it's size) and gripping ride, I'm really happy with my car purchasing decision.
2	I'm getting along quite well with the car.
1	The fit & finish are very impressive for a car in this price range.
1	Since this is a new addition to the Elantra line, there's not a whole lot of info about this specific model as yet.
1	The Elantra sedan has a lot
1	This vehicle is outstanding in every way.
1	Comfortable driving, I feel safe, excellent response on the road.
1	I highly recommend this vehicle to all of my friends.
1	I am a Hyundai Service Advisor so I listen to my customers who have all told me what a great car this is.
2	Thats the biggest reason I bought it.
2	Its a great starter car and I'm very likely to keep it for at least 10 years (I wont trade it in).
2	Not enough time in vehicle to evaluate long term.
2	Not enough time in vehicle to evaluate long term.
2	Overall I am very pleased with this car and would recommend it to a future buyer
1	overall i would give the car a 9.9 out of 10
1	a lot of bang for the buck
2	Great car for the price, had a dealership who were very friendly and helpul in the decision, NO PRESSURE!!
1	buy this car you will love it
2	The warranty is super, ride is smooth, lots of leg room, trunk is large.
1	And I would recommend anyone look for a great reliable car to check it out.
1	Want a great car that offers awesome standard tech features and gets awesome mileage?
1	Hyundai.......
2	Just purchased the 2013 Elantra GLS after test driving about ten cars.
1	It was the only car that really impressed me!
1	The driver's seat is very comfortable.
1	Don't get a neck ache on a long trip.
1	The gas mileage is excellent.
2	The price was good.
2	Got the ex
1	Nice car,good value.
1	Poor MPG.
1	Real brain power on display.
1	Thanks for that asnewr!
1	I have not idea why is the best car in 2012.
1	Tips Avoid to driver and not increase the millages.
1	EVERYTHING SEEM VERY GOOD ABOUT THE CAR I LIKE THE GOOD WARANTY TOOI test drove 6 different car before deciding to buy the Elantra, the 2nd best one for me was Mazda 3 but not enough space and the drive was not has smooth.
1	I absolutely love this car!
1	I have 5 people in my family and we took a road trip to Disneyland, plenty of room in the trunk for all of our luggage, and the kids did great in the back seat.
2	we drove over 2500 miles and spent less than $200.00 on gas!
1	Great car for the money.
1	Saving on gas.
1	great car
1	great buy,great car,great price period
2	Great Car and fun to drive, 42 mpg on 1 1/2 hr trip avg speed 63
1	The car is cute and fun to drive.
2	The trunk easily carries four sets of golf clubs.
1	The fold down rear seats would provide even more space.
2	Four adults easily fit in this car without feeling crowded.
1	Great Car!
2	This is my first Hyundai, but not my last.
1	This is outstanding car!!!!
1	Nothing better for the money.
1	Overall the car is great.
2	I was able to get as much luggage into my Elantra Touring, as we did in a much larger SUV.
1	The backseat is also much roomier than you would think.
1	Zippy little car
1	Awesome car for single and married people alike, amazing cargo space and comfort!
1	2009.Test drove Honda Fit and on the way to Kia Soul met Elantra touring.Rest of story.
1	Would definately recommend this auto to anyone who is looking for a smaller utility vehicle with the ability to haul a nice sized load or fits very good and versital for a small family.
1	Add another gear to the automatic transmission and it will be perfect.
2	GREAT QUALITY FOR LOW PRICE
1	Be careful what you buy, and be sure not to buy any cars from Rex Perry Auto Plex in Texas.
2	I travel locally about 30,000 miles a year for business, never had a better car.
2	I added rims and wheels for a more professsional look.
1	I will be buying another in 2014/15.
1	Next car will get much better mileage.
1	Would not by again.
1	A fantastic example of solid quality workmanship .This is one vehicle I would recomend to a new car buyer .
1	It is surprising that there are not a lot more Touring's on the road.
1	Then again, the blame can be explained by sub-par Hyundai dealership service and reputation.
1	If you go with the other brands, your service is almost guaranteed to be nothing short of e
1	Dealer was blowing them out the door last month with $3500 off and 0% for 4 years... only $1500 more than used.
2	Got the GLS auto model, which in Canada has a sunroof and alloys, along with BT, leather wheel and knob.
2	Dealer included a hood stone deflecto
2	I enjoy this vehicle which is safe to carry my granddaughter around plus my family....lots of storage space,the only thing I am disappointed is with dealer......salesman had told me had bluetooth and months laterwhen I needed it and asked for it was advi
1	LOVE IT!!!!
1	If this is Hyundai, I'm done with them.
2	Despite the list of window and rear view problems, I would buy the car again.
2	I've adjusted to the lousy rear view, and I like the other features.
1	When comparing brands and models, I did extensive research, and this car won without serious competition in
2	Hyundai sales and service have both been tops, though I haven't had any service done outside of the scheduled maintenance.
1	The warranty is also pretty impressive but I haven't had occasion to take advantage of that either
1	For the money - a very good car
2	Great car for around town and on the open road.
1	All the past vehicles we have purchased from Hyundai have been reliable and affordable cars!!
1	Keep producing these trustwothy and fun to drive cars Hyundai!!!
1	I lkove this car and wish Hyundai had advertised it more.
2	I would have had it sooner if I knew it existed.
2	Don't buy this car...I like having this cool unique baby all to myself.
1	But if you must, then get the 3.8....killer.
1	I can tell you it's a very nice riding car.
1	So far everything has been flawless on this 2013 Genesis Coupe 2.0T.
2	It is brand new still.
2	Time will tell if it will hold up.
1	The rear wheel drive car is what I grew up with.
1	This thing is a good balance of cl
1	The best car for the price.
1	This review is for the 2.0T Premium.
1	On the way to order a Subaru BRZ Limited I stopped by the Hyundai dealer to check out the Genesis Coupe.
1	Between not wanting to wait months for the BRZ delivery and the fact that the Hyundai dealer kept lowering his p
1	I really want to like this car but the mechanical issues are just too much for a new, modern automobile.
1	Dont buy the car!!!
2	A really pretty car with a comfortable interior.
2	We've taken two long road trips of over 2500 miles each with no problems.
2	Trunk space is large for this kind of sports car.
2	Controls and guages are top notch and the leather is very nice.
1	Sound system and
1	I love the car and am planning to drop $15,000 into the car over winter.
1	3.8 is gonna have nothing on me :0
1	Car developed a loud, high pitched whine that could be heard throughout the cabin that turned out to be coming from the fuel pump.
1	If you check around the web you will see this is a very common issue.
1	Hyundai replaced the entire fuel pump assembly under
1	Still have to give the 13 Genesis Coupe a high score, 9.9
2	The car is awesome to drive its a better deal then infinity g37 and BMW 335i it gets lots if looks and it's fun to drive
1	Great car!!!
2	The 370z is nice,but this car gives you everything that car has plus more room and even a little bit more HP for less $$$$...I love it and proud to own it!!!
1	Beefy V6 with an impressive sound.
1	Can't get any better!!!
1	Turn off TC and she perf
1	For the price, it can't be beat.
1	G 37s is the closest, but thousands more.
2	I got the type of car I wanted, with the features I wanted, for the price I wanted and I can live with.
1	If you are looking for a small sporty and quick car get a BRZ or FRS, those were my first choices, but they were too small for me and I dont think I c
2	best coupe you can get for your dollar, highly recommend cant go wrong with hyundai backing with warrenty and price guaranty for 4 yrs...
2	Overall for the price - this car is a steal.
1	If you want a fast sports car for really cheap and at this price its unheard of - this is definitely the car.
1	I would strongely recommend this car to anyone seeking a competitively priced sports car, if you have not driven a Hyundai you must test drive one today...why pay more ?
1	Beautiful vehicle with a fluid design.
1	Before purchasing a Sports Car, do yourself justice and Take a Genesis Coupe for a Test Drive to Compare Products.The Car Will Sell Itself.
2	My 2013 2.0T premium has a horrible rattle coming from the turbo waste.
2	Hyundai refuses to fix mine or anyone else's saying its normal.
1	Trust me when you hear the loose washers on a bolt sound coming from our cars you wouldn't like it either.
2	Its awful!
1	My 2013 2.0T premium has a horrible rattle coming from the turbo waste.
2	Hyundai refuses to fix mine or anyone else's saying its normal.
1	Trust me when you hear the loose washers on a bolt sound coming from our cars you wouldn't like it either.
1	Its awful!
1	Love the car.
1	not sure about the 8 speed
1	2013 Gen Coupe 2.0T is one for the ages.
1	In a market full of only a handful of sporty coupes, the Gen Coupe manages to be near the top of the mountain.
1	At a price point starting around 24 or 25 grand there is bang for your buck value.
1	You're looking at 2
1	The Hyundai Track Auto Coupe has really impressed us from quality to power.
1	Good job Hyundai!
1	I absolutely love this car.
2	I just purchased a bright red manual transmission 2013 Track version.
2	It is my second one I own, first one is a 2010 track yellow.
2	I traded in my 2008 BMW 535i for it.
2	As fast, as the beamer, for less money to repair, but have
1	Great vehicle for the money, turns heads, and with the 3.8, direct inject, 8 speed GT edition, it will scoot....
2	Great car.
1	Hyundai has really stepped up their game.
1	Can't beat the quality.
1	Excellent sports car and the Turbo is beast
2	I love driving this car.
1	Take it on the road and it just hums at 80.
1	I've put 10K miles on it in six months.
1	Mileage around town has been 23.
1	Average 60 on the highway, you'll get 28 mpg, and at 80 it will drop to 25.
1	They say the HP and torque is margin
1	I love driving this car.
1	Take it on the road and it just hums at 80.
1	I've put 10K miles on it in six months.
2	Mileage around town has been 23.
1	Average 60 on the highway, you'll get 28 mpg, and at 80 it will drop to 25.
1	They say the HP and torque is margin
1	Top of the line
2	I'd recomend this car to anyone looking for a coupe its very good and its pricing makes it only better.from a daily driver to a project car it cant get any better
1	Good performance for the money, but don't believe for a second that it will compete with a Mustang GT, 370Z, Camaro, or BMW M3.
2	I bought the 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe GT (3.8 liter) back in September and have absolutely no regrets.
2	This baby FLIES and handles better than any car I have ever driven, especially when it comes to cornering due to wide wheel base.
1	It looks fantastic
1	Built to compete with the G37.
1	Much better price, slightly better performance, slightly worse interior.
1	If you had told me 5 years ago that one day I would own a Hyundai I would have laughed in your face.
1	They have come a LONG way and really stepped up t
1	gas guzzler
1	Looking to start a class action against Hyundai for the Genesis Coupe turbo.
1	Please email eli at fenstersheib dot com if your interested in joining.
1	ALL OF THE 2.0T MAKE HORRIBLE NOISES THAT THE DEALER WAS WELL AWARE OF, YET DID NOT TELL ANY OF THEIR CUS
1	fun to drive and love the way it looks
1	You can't shift the paddle shifters easily when turning the steering wheel, makes sense.
1	The 8 speed auto transmission is wonderful, very smooth.
1	The manual mode of the automatic will not hold a lower gear if you reach 'redline', it shifts automatically
1	A wonderful car for a great price from a company whose goal was to out Toyota the Toyota build quality.
1	They hit a home run with this one
1	Strong car for the money with good looks and power under the hood.
1	The interior is much better than he Camaro or the FR-S.
1	The car sit very low and might present issues for larger people, as I am only 5' 10'.
1	i would tell anyone looking for sports car to
1	WOW!
1	My 2011 was modified with cold air induction and a chip.
2	I have had my but kicked by only one car a GTR , understandably....Love the car , Drives at 150 MPH like your doing 80 .
2	Hyundai has great cars and will always have one in my family.
1	Review ID
1	Hyundai hit one out of the park with this generation.
1	I highly recommend this car to anyone who enjoys driving enthusiastically while having all the creature comforts.
1	The price point can't be beat considering what you get.
2	Hyundai hit one out of the park with this generation.
1	I highly recommend this car to anyone who enjoys driving enthusiastically while having all the creature comforts.
1	The price point can't be beat considering what you get.
1	Hyundai hit one out of the park with this generation.
1	I highly recommend this car to anyone who enjoys driving enthusiastically while having all the creature comforts.
1	The price point can't be beat considering what you get.
1	i was really please for the price and the look and the power of the car you get a good car for the money and not to expensive
2	May be the best auto I've ever owned.
2	Previously had Veracruz (5 years), Lincoln, Cadillac and Mercedes.
2	If you don't fuss about impressing the neighbors with  namesthen this is the car for you.
1	I've owned Acura RLs prior and this car is now my car of choice everytime I go out.
1	Attention to detail, customer care, performance, style and an great pricing...
2	Overall, I am very happy I bought the Genesis.
2	I must admit I was nervous about Trading in my Benz for a Hyundai but, now I'm glad I did!
1	I freakin love this car!
1	Where do i start, the interior is very comfortable and big.
2	The car gets a pretty good ride on the freeway and it still handles pretty good for a car of that size.
1	It also has pretty good power to it, you step on it and it takes
1	every bit as good as a 5 series BMW and an E series Benz
2	Overall great car, I just dislike having to continually clean soot to maintain it's otherwise impressive looks
1	A - 10 = Wonderful Car
1	Its a must have, if you are in the high performance and creature comfort age grouop.
2	excellent , loves this car much, I made the right choice couldn't get it any better
2	A very nice car, replaced my BMW...
1	I would recommend to anyone looking for BMW or Mercedes
1	I took a chance driving this genesis for the last 2 days.
1	It's a business rental and the car was practically new(only has 800 miles on it).
1	It's very spacious, and the leather interior looks nice.
1	The wood trim looks very fake though.
2	Performance is not
1	excellent
1	The perfect car to Drive Quite Ride, Great Mileage 31 MPG highway ,27.8 Mixed.
1	Handles Great
1	Great Vehicle...
2	I leased it and didn't get any incentives at all maybe I should have bought it outright and paid less?
1	OUTSTANDING OVERALL
1	Gives you 90% of what you get from the usual luxury brands, but at 70-80% of the cost.
1	No regrets.
1	Definitely recommend a test drive for anyone shopping large sedans at any price.
2	I traded a 2011 Genesis 4.6 for the 2013 3.8.
1	Hyundai made significant improvements in ride, and sound deadening along with refinement on the existing amenities.
2	I've had BMW, Lexus, Acura, Mercedes and this 2013 Genesis is hands down the best car I've e
2	good car - bad warranty coverage
2	We have the 3.8 engine and I laugh when I read consumers saying this engine is not powerful enough.
1	They need to learn to take the car out of ECO mode and use the manual shift mode.
2	While driving on the freeways in LA, I have no trouble keeping up with t
2	I have been very well served by my Genesis and recommended both the dealer and the car to others.
1	I would do it all over again.
1	She is a baby I love.
1	I drove one for 12 days rental and fell in love.
1	Very spacious and easy to handle.
1	Wanted to take her home with me.
1	I felt as though I was lucky to have known her.
1	She is a true beauty.
1	Great car, great warranty, all the options you could need.
1	Can't beat the price.
1	Love It.
1	Great Car
1	great value for what you pay for and resale is also high.
1	Check ebay and judge the value yourself.
1	Test drive this vehicle before buying any other.
1	A great car.
1	After test driving the Cadillac ATS,Lexus E350 and the BMW3 it was clear to me that, for the money,the Genesis was the no brainer.
1	great value for the money
1	Traded in my Toyota Rav4 V-6 for this Hyundai.
2	Was not looking for a new car, but the new styling was too good to pass up!
2	Not quite the same get up and go as the Rav4, but the turbo has enough oomph to push you back into your seat.
1	The ride is extremely
2	Love this vehicle more and more each day.
1	The technology package is well worth the extra expense.
1	Everything works exceptionally well.
1	For those who are concerned about the lack of daytime running lights, I have found that turning on the parking lights k
2	This Is My 4th Hyundai And 2nd Santa Fe.
1	Hyundai Has Hit The Mark W/ Turbo Sport, Styling, Creature Comforts Performance & Finally Class Leading MPG.
1	If This Crossover Isn't A 10 It's Real Close!
1	Great car worth buying.
2	The perfect car for us!!
1	Overall a nice vehicle but does not offer features that the competition does.
1	Driving lights have proven to be a huge safety feature and the lack of them will keep me from buying a Santa Fe.
2	The turbo is quick and thus far I have not experienced any  turbo/lag .
2	This vehicle is quiet, responsive and powerful with the turbo.
2	The engine is smooth and there is no power lag when passing or when you need speed.......and you will feell that power
2	great vehicle so far i have only had it for 2 weeks.
1	follow up later
1	Highly recommended for the young enthusiastic couples to buy.
1	I live in India, In India these vehicle lasts like 10 - 15 years, With the Indian road condition in mind, if it is lasting for those many years then I think it can last more than that in USA.
2	Buy one... you will love it.
1	Can say enough about the technology package.
1	It works better than any car I have ever owned.
2	And I have owned,HondasAcurasLexusInfinitiBest systems I have ever had.
1	Not having to push the talk button every time i want to requ
1	9.7/10
2	Overall I LOVE my car... Just wish I didn't have the glitches as its Brand new!!
2	Paid enough for it, and in the oldest of cars I've owned never had issues with the radio of all things..
1	So far so good.
2	My first non Honda for some time.
2	Did a lot of research, and happy with this vehicle.
2	Excellent vehicle,
1	the wife & 14 year old love it so far, i am luckey to drive it on the weekend & also enjoy driving it.
2	 hopefully we will get 12 years out of this one like our last one.
2	paid 31K before tax & went with the 1k extra for the 10 year bumper to bumper warrant
1	Purchase this vehicle and you will not be disappointed.
2	Plus you have the long Hyundai warranty peace of mind.
1	Miieage good and ride is smooth and quite.
1	Still breaking in,only 600 miles on it.
1	Overall I am giving the car a very good rating.
2	I just purchased the car 1 week ago and have traveled about 500 miles int eh car on all types of roads,
1	Very pleased, great gas mileage, lots of room, very stylish.
1	I was looking for value and found much more in this vehicle.
1	This is a must test drive if you are out shopping for and SUV in this segment.
1	I added Phillips LED daytime running lights in about three hours.
2	I now have a great SUV that can be seen.
2	Several friends with other brand vehicles are going to consider the Hyundai now they have seen ours.
1	Only tip I can give out is to be sure and read
2	I really like this car, and would recommend buying it to everyone interested in a mid-size SUV built in the USA.
1	Wanted to keep my old suv, but it was totaled.
1	Looked at everything else.
1	Test drove the Santa fe first and nothing compared.
1	The CRV, Escape, RAV 4, equinox, cx-5, cx-9, Kia.
2	The Santa Fe is the best looking, quiet, features and best fit and finish out
1	This SUV is AWESOME!!
1	I highly recommend this vehicle!!!
2	Yes, I love it!
1	It is very comfortable and roomy.
1	Best GPS & interface of any car I test drove.
2	The Infinity Surround Sound system is unbelievable!
1	But... the stereo electronics/navigation are only warrantied to 3 years 36,000 miles (why???
1	everything el
2	I researched this vehicle for months before buying and just love the range of features, solid build, sporty looks and fuel economy for base model + popular equipment package.
1	This is not your grandmother's boring Santa Fe.
1	It's a head turner that exudes
2	Not as common on road as competitors which is a good thing.
1	Many people staring and asking what kind of car it is.
1	Feels and looks luxurious.
2	Has great quality inside with premium materials.
2	Turbo engine has plenty of power and the AWD Is great.
1	Review I
1	This car has it all; comfort, speed, style and room.
2	Highly recommended!
1	This cuv, in my opinion, came out ahead of the other ones I drove when looking for a new vehicle.
1	Very happy with the 2.0, pulls better than the 5.4 V8 in my last vehicle.
2	I find the interior styling simply georgous, the luxury almost matches my Acura in
1	Test drove about 10 SUV's and this was the best choice by far!
1	Coming from a sedan, it's going to take a bit to mold to me.
2	I miss the cornering and tightness of the auto but love sitting higher.
2	I still catch myself looking at it when It's parked and say  that's a hot looking design
2	For those worried about running lights, turn your lights on and leave them on all of the time, I do, they shut off autmatically.
2	I have owned this vehicle for about 2 months and have about 2200 miles on it.
1	On the highway I get about 28 mpg, around town
2	Satisfied so far with the way it rides and handles and very quiet interior
1	Excellent vehicle.
1	What else can you say about excellence?
1	Sanfa Fe 2.4L is a great Suv overall its have lots of standard feature and cool blue light bluetooth is easy to use.
1	Tailgate is easy to close when at full open.
1	Great Suv
2	Very pleased with around the city and highway driving,great SUV for a road trip.Would recommend this vehicle for anyone in the market for a midsize crossover SUV.
1	Driving lights and a power liftgate are nice options, but they're certainly not a deal breaker for the Santa Fe.
1	Overall, Hyundai's done a great job.
1	Tried both models - the 2.0 Turbo is more responsive and quieter than the 2.4, and well worth a test dri
1	Excellent vehicle!
1	Hyundai has done it again!
1	Updated follow up to my previous review.
2	Owned my SFS2.0T FWD for over 3 months ( 1,700 miles ).
1	Love the styling, feature set, and the quiet interior.
2	Still no problems with the vehicle at all, so far.
1	This follow up pertains to the EPS DSSM (steering m
1	Thorough review from an empty nester.
2	Purchased the 2.0T FWD w/ Tech package, Blk with Beige Leather interior.
2	I needed a vehicle for trips to visit my daughter and my father (both over 3 hours away), as well as a decent utility vehicle (for Lowe?s).
1	I a
1	Rented this in 2.4 Auto, and coming from an experienced truck driver and ex- pro cart racer, this car is scary to drive., everything is soo  jumpythe engine and tranny are not on good terms, the suspension although quiet, is very unsettled... ohh how i
1	Reas above
2	Excellent!
2	We own two other Hyundais and have been very satisfied with their reliability and overall performance.
1	Never would have thunk I would find this so idnsipensable.
1	other than fuel gauge, no other problems w/car...very comfortable to drive, good paint and interior
1	Love the vehicle.
1	Style, ride and gas milage are great.
1	I would highly recommend it.
2	I'm looking to trade it off.
2	an ok car for the money, Would not recommend to friends.
2	Very happy with it.
1	Great all round car.
1	A decent start but not yet up to the competition.
2	I like it so far.
1	Some major short comings in convenience group which compromises up-to-date user friendly traits.
1	Very Good SUV for the price
2	This is my second Hyundai Santa Fe (I still own a 2005 model (V6) and my daughter drives it which still runs great at over 90,000 miles).
2	My first vehicle was taken to the shop to replace a burnt out right rear light bulb and the usual standard maintenan
2	So far we are fairly happy with the car itself, but very disappointedwith the bluelink.
1	excellent
2	I would recomend this vehicle, I own two!
1	overall I love this vehicle.
2	Would buy a second one for the family if I could.
1	An excellent choice in the smaller sports utility market.
1	Seems to have garnered some great reviews and so far, I am not disappointed.
2	Over All in comparison to the many SUV's I have owned I really am impressed witht he SanteFe!
1	Would suggest it to anyone
1	terrible
2	Overall, this is my favorite car purchase ever.
2	I usually suffer buyer's remorse after a few months, but this time I have been fully satisfied.
1	I highly recommend the new Santa Fe.
1	You won't be disappointed.
1	Recommended!
1	Buy it, Drive it, Love it!
2	Overall, very pleased.
1	I think the design team did a good job.
1	To have an SUV that can flirt with 30 MPG if you are careful is a pleasant surprise.
2	I enjoy sometimes using the Tiptronic transmission and  go through the gearswhen I'm feeling a little sp
2	Owned for six months and 11000 miles2013 Hyundia Santa Fe front wheel drive basic package
2	could not be happier with the features and performance for the money as long as the car over time does not develope problems caused by cost cutting assembly and design flaws.
1	Look elsewhere
1	Hyundai Santa fe is a Family Crossover, sporty look, very nice design and fun to drive.
2	Great Buy.
1	I reviewed Mazda, Honda, Toyota and Ford models before settling on the Santa Fe, none of the other brands could provide the performance/quality/options for the same price.
1	Very good value for the money.
1	Warranty cant be beat.
1	I would and have told friends they must drive one.
1	Then buy one.
2	Just one not the same as mine lol
1	Test drive the navigation before you buy this car and make sure you can live with it.
1	I would encourage people looking for a nice size sedan with all the bells & whistles to purchase this vehicle!
1	Great warranty and this baby is fully loaded!
1	After extensive testing/rentals of new cars, coming from a very comfortable, fully loaded, sporty 250+ hp sedan, I don't miss it.I tested the Sonata hybrid and the 2.0 Turbo, and didn't find any significant benefits: gas milage in the hybrid is not so go
2	Seats a problem in the car
2	Excellent car!
1	The car has superb styling,ride and comfort !
1	No wonder the altima and fusion copied it !
1	LOL !
1	This car rocks!
1	The best for less,WOW!
2	I would buy this car again in a second and highly recommend it to others.
1	Good car for the money.
2	This is my second sonata.
2	I have a 2012 with the manual transmission and the 2013 with the auto.
1	Gas mileage is much better than my V6 Maxima but the Maxima was more fun to drive (Manual Transmission) with a sportier ride.
1	Price d
2	Wouldn't by another one
1	Do not get this car if you think your going to get 35 MPG Highway because it's not going to happen, not even close.
2	It is a very nice car to drive.
2	Finish looks very nice as long as you do not drive it anywhere.Quality issue with finishes and Blue LinkExtremely poor customer service
1	Great car for the money.
1	Compared the Malibu, Fusion and Camry and ended up with the Sonata SE.
2	The Camry was a close second choice, but didn't drive or handle as well as the Sonata & the it looked blah next to the Sonata.
2	looks good rides good but I wouldn't buy one again
1	Don't buy 2.0T...
2	It's too fast!!
1	Blown away by this car!
2	Very happy with my purchase.
1	This car is a very good choice if your buying a new car.
1	Easy to work on if you do your own maintenance like oil and filter changes.
1	Nice comfortable ride and looks good.
2	Grade kids love to ride in the sporty car with sunroof and navigation to look at.
1	N
1	I am very impressed with Hyundai quality and performance.
1	I plan on sticking with Hyundai since they have such a variety of styles (16 year old first car to SUV's with 3rd row seat)
2	I am very pleased with my 2013 Sonata.
2	I would recommend it to anyone......Seems like several car companies are copying the body style.
2	Overall Hyundai did an excellent job balancing gas mileage, and performance and skimped in the areas which are easily upgradeable in the aftermarket area for the base model.
1	I wanted something that would be best on gas, and lowest on the monthly payments
1	The dealership is excellent.
1	Great service.
1	Sonata has good mileage averaging 26 mpg with 50/50 hwy and city.
1	If Hyundai can fix the road noise issue, it will be even more popular.
1	This car is a home run.
1	If you are in the market, you can not go wrong here.
2	nicest car i've owned , the se stance and the venitian red paint is just gorgeous !
2	it takes corners like its on rails , it just sticks !
1	we're getting 36-37 mpg on road trips or my 69 mile commute.
1	drops to 33 for my wife or if i run a little fast.
1	55 o
1	I had never driven a Hyundai until I test drove this vehicle.
1	I was pleasantly surprised and was hooked.
1	If you are looking for a stylish, reliable vehicle, with enough bells and whistles for a not so expense price, then take a look at the Hyundai Sonata
1	An excellent car.
1	You can't beat the price or the 100,000 mile warranty.
1	At 69 years of age I have owned many, many cars both domestic and foreign.
1	Most recently I drove Nissan's exclusively and they were good cars.
1	However, after leasing a 2004 Santa Fe I am now totally sold on Hyundai.
2	I also drive a 2009 Genesis 4.6.
1	Revie
1	The car is without a doubt the bang for the buck.
1	Do some test drives and see for yourself.
1	Beautiful car and full of features for a great price.
2	My wife and I purchased this car on March 26, 2013.
1	We decided to purchase a new vehicle about a year ago, so I spent a lot of time researching vehicles.
1	We narrowed the choice down to several cars, specifically the Sonata, Altima, Camry, Optima, and Acc
1	great car,,,
1	For the money I think this car is great.
1	I really liked the Nissan Altima but was not impressed with the warranty and price.
1	I have a very nice car for a lot less money and a ten year warranty!
2	I like the car after driving Camry's for the last 13 years is is a refreshing difference.
1	Excellent value
2	One of the best vehicles that I have owned.
1	I have owned a couple dozen over my lifetime from Jaguars to Kias.
1	great car
2	We switched from a Nissan Altima 3.5 (10 years 180K) to the Hyundai Sonata which was a difficult decision.
1	We have put about 5K miles on the car including trips and couldn't be happier with our purchase.
1	The Sonata is at a crossroads as to where it wants to go from here.
1	It has been floating around at near the top of its class for awhile now but, when will see the next step forward?
1	As of right now it has a solid interior, plenty of options, sweet price,
1	Beautiful color, sporty styling (my 18 yr old grandson loves it).
2	Roomy interior, love the seat warmers as well as drink cups and the sunglasses case.
1	A lot of perks for the money as well as the guarantees.
1	I JUST FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS CAR, AND OVERJOYED .
2	 THIS CAR EXCEEDS ALL OF MY EXPECTATIONS.
1	GREAT CAR
1	From 1-10 I give it a 2.
1	You would be better off buying a Kia Optima, Honda Accord, or even a Toyota Camry
1	Get out There and drive one, then buy it!
1	definite 9+
2	Buy one, much better value than Accord, Camry,Altima, Malibu, or Fusion.
1	Better gas better power and looks a heck of a lot better
1	The only car I had enjoyed that came close to this car was a 1976 Audi Fox
1	Car is as advertised.
1	Hyundai has made great strides to become competitive in the marketplace.
1	Recommend to those looking for a mid-sized car with alot of positive qualities
1	Can't go wrong
1	if you're looking for a great buy for your money, look no further.
1	Your dollar goes far with this vehicle and don't forget Hyundai has the best warranty.
1	it really adds to your piece of mind.
1	Great car for the money
2	LOVE the car, a steal for the money.
2	Overall, I love this car!
2	I traded my 2011 Dodge Ram for this car for the gas mileage.
1	And it is as advertised.
1	I avg 33 on the highway and 25 in the city.
2	My second Hyundai, and not my last.
1	Looked at the new Azera, but the Sonata SE was comparable in many ways for $8 grand less.
1	DRIVE one, you will be impressed !!
2	!Also impressed by Dealership in N.L.county CT.and sales knowledge of this Fine Automobile.
1	This car is the $
1	9 out of 10!
2	I'm a former Toyota owner (Solara) and after 7 years in that car I switched to the Sonata because of the value for the money.
2	I'm very glad I did!!
1	awesome car
1	great car you will be happy with it
2	The car is so comfortable, and I love all the features that are offered for the price!
1	I would recommend this car to anyone that is considering a toyota, honda or even ford or chevy.
1	great car
1	great car
2	I have no regrets at all about my decision to buy this car.
2	Would do it again tomorrow if I needed another one.
1	on my 4th hyundia they keep on getting better-flat out beats competion in price warranty and performance
1	We love, love, LOVE this car!
1	I am trying to talk my husband into trading in our mini-van for a 2nd Sonata, since the interior and trunk are roomy enough for us, the price is great, it's great on gas, but mainly because I'm jealous that I don't get to dr
1	try it you will like it
1	Great car!
1	Looks great outside, feels great inside.
1	Good gas mileage, while still feeling sporting during take off and passing.
1	Nice handling, never feels unsettled.
1	And no less reliable than Toyota/Honda.
1	Overall, if you want a sedan, buy a Hyundai Sona
2	Best car I have ever owned or rode in.
1	great family car
2	I had a Camry but decided to go with the Sonata this time after some thought, I believe I made the right choice.
1	Perfect car.
1	Got Sonata Limited 2.0T w/premium package and more; Drives very nice; outstanding power, navigation, incredible combination of luxury (panoramic sun roof, heated front and rear seats; rear seat vents; infiniti sound system, XM, bluetooth, mini plug, USB,
1	If your shopping for a car and want good value you have to drive this car.
1	Overall I love this car.
1	This is my 4th different Hyundai since 2003 and they just keep getting better.
2	This car offers everything I need in a daily driver, family commute and sporty fun ride.
1	I love so many features of this car and don't regret it at al
1	Really, really good car.
2	We have put our first 12,000 miles in with ZERO trips to the dealer and no complaints.
2	Quiet, solid, and smoother than silk.
1	I would recommend this car to anyone looking for great fuel efficient family sedan for a very good price and an excellent warranty.
1	BUY BUY BUY
1	An excellent car value with a stylish look.
2	We have received many compliments on the look of the car and most are shocked when we say it's a Hyundai.
1	Hyundai has really stepped it up and I'm sure we will be seeing many more Hyundai's on the road.
1	I give
1	LOVE IT
1	Have previously owned Camrys, but would recommend this car...love it.
1	a very good handling car on the highway and on the street.
1	and great on gas...
2	We were going straight to the Nissan dealership but on a whim stopped by the Hyundai dealership across the street took a test drive then went straight to the office and purchased the vehicle!
2	Have had this car (Limited) for three months.
2	Other than minor annoyances mentioned, this has been an outstanding car.
1	I highly recommend it.
1	woul buy again
2	plain and simple i was impressed with the test drive and walked off the lot with my sonata 1 hour later
2	Buy one, much better value than Accord, Camry,Altima, Malibu, or Fusion.
1	Better gas better power and looks a heck of a lot better
1	Great vehicle for the price.
1	I am not sure how many would believe me, but I trade in by BMW 328i for this vehicle.
2	I don't see much loss in power as compared to my BMW.
2	It handles great, seats are comfortable and the vehicle takes long or short ride very
1	Great deal on any model Hyundai at the moment.. Take a peek for yourself!
1	GREAT CAR
1	It's probably better suited for a teenager.
2	 I'm not thrilled with mine at all.
1	A great car, at a great price.
1	with a great warranty.
1	its was close between the sonata and the mazda 6 but the mazda was more with less stuff though it drove a little better it didnt warrent the extra cost and it doesnt even come to the power the sonata
1	For the style and overall comfort you can't go wrong.
1	I never thought Hyundai would get my vote.
1	But I'm very pleased.
2	I would buy another Hyundia again.
2	This Sonata is accutally my second.
2	I had owned a '09 Elantra beofre this and had no issues what so ever.
1	So we upgraded to the bigger Sonata and have not looked back.
1	Great car, fresh design, great gas mileage.
1	Do something about the passenger seats and mirrors (lower it some)
2	not good so far
2	I really love my car, it serves the purposes we bought it for and we got many features for alot less then other comparable optioned vehicles.
1	I love the bluetooth to play my music from my phone in my car!
1	My son watches the DisneyJr app on the way to day
2	I owned an Elantra.
1	Liked it.
1	Sorry I made the change.
2	Salesman made me do it.
1	Overall a great car for the price!!
2	and the warranty is exceptional
2	We are a big family but we were tired of minivans.
2	We were almost ready to by an SUV (Santa Fe/CRV) but one drive in the 2013 Sonata and we fell in love.
2	Not a bad car for the money but I probably would have gone with something else had I done my research.
1	Nice
2	Overall the car rides nice, but there are a few defect with my 2013 Sonata.
1	Lets see if Hyudai will come through on this.
1	I had a 2004 Sonata for 8 years that I just Loved.
1	The 2013, I just like.
2	This car is fine for me now but I probably would purchase a smaller vehicle next time.
2	LOVE IT!
1	With the price of gasoline today a car with lousy gas mileage gets downgraded badly by this problem.
1	grat car
1	Excellent!!!
2	The car is sharp -no doubt; after 7 months of ownership, I still do a double take after parking and walking away .The acceleration lag is annoying to me, but I think I am getting used to it and if you ask my wife, it has led me to better driving habbits.
2	I seldom purchase the same make of car twice, BUT , I'll make Hyundai my first choice when I start looking for another car.
2	I'll probably be keeping this to pass down to one of my grandchildren.
1	I have had the car for three weeks and have just under 3,000 miles and it has been a joy to drive.I drive 50,000 miles a year so this car is comfortable for me.
1	definitely recommend, years ahead of the bland Accords and Camry's, fusions look good, but I bet no one gets 47mpg...
1	Excellent automobile that offers all the bells and whistles for the average person.
2	I've owed Camry's, Accords, and Mercedes, andam extremely satisfied with my new 2013 Hybrid.
2	This car is a pleasure to drive!!!!
1	!I will be buying another soon (probably a 2014)
1	Am looking at buying one as a replacement for 17 year old car.
1	The car handles well, can fend for itself on the interstate.
2	We like this vehicle and are very pleased with our purchase.
1	We would purchase another.
1	
2	Great if you are ok with a truck like ride.
2	great on fuel - fun to drive - I'll never be able to get my wife out of this vehicle.
1	excellant
1	Very pleased with purchase - lots of options with the Limited - classy look and fun to drive!
1	Don't underestimate this smaller end crossover.
1	Hands down it has more passenger room than any other vehicle in its class.
2	My 6'3friends aren't afraid to ride in my car, they actually prefer it!
2	The cargo space is a bit smaller than one would like, but
2	I would not purchase another Hyundai for three reasons: (1) the dealership was unfair in negotions , (2) the tires were poor and wore out too soon w/no warranty, and (3) it is not good on gas.
1	Overall its a good car for someone looking to get the maximum value.
2	It has some cons but its looks great, drives even better and it will make you smile every time you drive it.
2	FIRST TIME OWNER OF A HYUNDAI,SEE HOW IT DOES WHEN WE TAKE A TRIP IN A COUPLE MONTHS
2	love my hundai
1	Great vehicle.
2	Love driving it around the Denver Metro area during the week and up to the mountains on the weekends.
2	Will definitely consider purchasing this vehicle again when it's time to update.
2	very comfortable, good milage, few problems,
1	If there is a better buy in the small SUV market, I've yet to find it.
2	I've gotten 36 MPG on the HWY in ECO driving mode, (@ 60 MPH), with the A/C on ... at 73 MPH, it drops to 33 MPG ... in town - 28 to 30.
1	The previous post lamented that once you trick
2	The is my second Hyundai and this SUV will make me buy a third hyundai.
1	It delivers what they advertise.
2	I am very happy with it.
2	My wife has 2011 Tucson Limited AWD and loves it and I wanted something higher than my previous Elantra; so I bought a FWD GLS as our second vehicle.
2	Except for the spongy breaks I can live with the rest.
1	I'm not the constant driver of this car (It's the wife's) so driving this from time to time is ok with me.
1	If it were mine all the time I think i would have returned it ( I really hate spongy breaks)
1	Don't waste your time researching this car
2	We were between the CRV and the Tucson and the heated seats on the GLS tipped the scales for us.
1	I also like the gauge cluster and dash look better on the Tucson.
2	This car makes our 1000 mile treks to our daughter in college pleasurable.
1	My 6ft2in son fi
2	OUR SECOND HYUNDAI.
1	WOULD RECOMMEND THE TUCSON TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A VEHICLE OF THIS TYPE
1	I highly recommend this SUV
1	If you are considering a crossover SUV, the Tuscon fits the style, comfort and afforadability for today's families
2	very good deal
1	great car
2	I'd highly recommend and would greatly consider getting another when the time comes to trade in the car.
2	The gas mileage is great for an AWD... we're getting close to 29!
1	Almost as good as my 10 year old Jetta.
1	I love pretty much love all aspects of the vehicle so far.
2	I have only owned it for two weeks, but I am impressed with how Hyundai stepped it up from the 2005 model I just traded in.
1	I know some people think the price for the extra options seems like a l
1	Love it!
1	Unique styling that wasn't intended to be a family sedan or sports car
2	I would totally suggest this car to anyone that wants to have a stylish yet functional and practical car, this hits all the angles for me and I will be driving this car for a long time.
1	This has made me a sold Hyundai customer, i'm sure my next car will
1	Did alot of shopping and checked out all brands Acura, BMW, Toyota, Lexus, VW, Audi, Subaru, Chevy , Ford, .
1	When I asked why I should buy there car instead of a Hyundai just about everyone of them said Hyundai sold a good warranty.
1	Instead of giving any
1	If you want a car that turns heads, lots of compliment and questions/comments, as well as one that makes you feel good driving it, THIS IS IT!
2	You're going to save money on gas and enjoy driving again.
2	You will be patting yourself on the back for having
1	This is a comfortable fun car to drive.
2	I actually purchase the veloster turbo from a dealer 135 miles from where I live (local dealers just stocked automatic in black or silver).
2	Glad I waited for the turbo w/manual transmission.
1	Extremely happy with th
2	best compact car we have owned.
1	Had a 2014 Veloster Turbo since May 2013 and it had problems starting the day after we drove it off the lot.
1	Numerous electrical problems and acceleration issues the first month.
1	First the stereo and navigation systems stopped working.
1	It took 2 months f
1	A solid, well built car!
1	You wont win any races in this car, but people sure notice you in it.
2	Great gas mileage, comfortable seats, love the touchscreen.
2	Only wish i would have waited forthe turbo.
2	Buy it if you don't mind the lack of power but this is the only drawback.
1	Review
1	Well above average
1	You cannot go wrong on this purchase..if you do your research, go drive the competitors, study ALL aspects of a vehicle in this class/style/range...or even a step up on the pricing...the winner is THIS CAR...if you're honest with yourself about it.
1	Those
1	EXCELLENT VALUE, LOW COST OF OWNERSHIP, GREAT RESALE, BEST WARRANTY, WHY WOULD YOU WANT SOMETHING ELSE IF YOU'RE A VALUE SHOPPER LIKE ME.
2	It is so fun to drive and it brings a smile to my face.
1	And That is the true test of a great car.
1	I researched probably every car on the market.
1	Couldn't find any other car that was Sporty, took Regular Gas, Relatively Fast with the Turbo, Has Great Gas
1	This is a zippy looking car that is fuel efficient fun to drive.
1	More power is available in the turbo version but for evey day driving, this car is hard to beat.
1	I would recommend this to anyone wanting a sporty, economical car, with some power - the turbo.
2	It is fun to drive, easy to maintainand the warranty is excellent.
1	It has better safety features than many other small cars and I actually feel safer in this
2	This is my first time buying a foreign car.
1	I have to say that Hyundai has a great warranty.
1	I was also impressed to find out that they are going to reimburse me about $25 for every 3000 miles because their estimated miles per gallon was off by a few gal
1	Great fuel efficient coupe big on style and comfort.
2	Overall if you're looking for a great looking commuter car, I would reccommend the Veloster.
1	People still are impressed with its looks and love the 3rd door.
1	Overall, I love this car and I have no regrets about choosing it.
1	It makes me happy every time I drive it!
1	I will own this car for many years to come...hope to drive it way over the 100,000 I put on my previous Hyundai!
2	Glad I bought it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	If you want a fast, fun, funky car this is it!
1	I love the car just wish that the radio worked right and that it had better insulation against road noise
2	After owning for less than a week, so much fun to drive and great standard options on turbo model.
2	Still wondering how I'll feel about the lack of a 4th door in a year or so, but considering our passengers are mainly our dogs and rarely people, I think w
1	Get the turbo!
1	well worth it.
1	Have a friend who bought the non turbo and now wishes he did.
1	Good value, fun car
2	I bought the 2012 base model and drove it for 9 months.
1	Went back and upgraded to a 2013 style package and am very pleased and satisfied with the purchases.
2	I did my homework prior to my original purchase, it has proven itself in several ways and I'm con
2	I bought the 2012 base model and drove it for 9 months.
1	Went back and upgraded to a 2013 style package and am very pleased and satisfied with the purchases.
1	I did my homework prior to my original purchase, it has proven itself in several ways and I'm con
1	This is a niche car.
1	It isn't for everyone, it's no Civic or Corolla.
1	It's a truly entertaining daily commuter with an edgy appearance and a ton of technology built in.
2	Sometimes I wish I bought the Turbo, but honestly there is plenty of power in the bas
2	WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND LOOKS GREAT GETS GOOD GAS MILEAGE AND A HOOT TO DRIVE
1	Traded my Elantra in on my Veloster.
2	While a bit underpowered, the motor revs with a smoothness matched by BMW.
1	The transmission also shifts very smooth.
1	The car is easy to drive with handling that's very, very surprising.
1	Plus, if you get the Style pack
2	Love it!!!
2	a car that I am not just proud to own but look forward to driving it.
2	This car handles great and it is a very comfortable ride.
2	Love this car....I have a bright red one....goodbye SUV hello STYLE
1	Love it and I'm retired
1	Everything was great besides the style.
1	It is hard to recommend such an ugly car.
2	I love this car, fun to drive, took is aross country very comfortable reliable and gas is alot cheaper.
2	After three weeks and 1,045 miles since date of purchase, I drove my new '13 Veloster 1,119 miles from Austin, Tx to Greenville, SC (gonna do it again in September).
1	The car handles great, but sadly, the 1.6L GDi still has that lag between 1st & 2nd gear
1	great car...I am glad not everyone has one...I like being special.
1	A great vehicle.
2	LOVE IT
1	Best car on the market
1	Awesome little sporty car !
1	Great car.
1	Love it.
2	Great car, I LOVE IT!!!
1	Very pleased with purchase.
1	Love this car, totally recomend it.
1	The Veloster Turbo is head turner regardless of what color you get it in.
1	The turbo model has definitely boosted the rep of Hyundai upstart.
1	Overall this new model within a few years will be leading the way!!
1	Great car alot of fun.
2	great things about the smart phones is they have the time which sets itself even during day light saving, the car is under warranty so I'm not worried, so beside from being late to my appointments at work I'm cool in the best car purhased I've ever made.
2	Best car I've owned so far.
2	I Would Recommend This Car To Everyone
1	I would recomend this vehicle to someone else.
2	I bought this car for a comuter.
2	If I was not driving 100 miles a day to and from work I would have bought the turbo.
1	But there is a 6 MPG difference in fuel Econ...
1	Great overall car!
1	love my car
1	I wish I had waited for the Turbo for a little bit better acceleration, but overall, you will NOT be disappointed in this car (just no racing away from red lights).
1	There are some unusual blind spots created by the design, but once you get used to them a
1	excellent car
1	10 plus
1	Great vehicle!
1	Great fuel mileage for a perfomance car, turns alot of heads.
1	love it
1	Not for everybody but if you test drive one be careful it will hook you.
2	I did not go to the dealership to purchase this car, one test drive later I was signing papers.
1	10 out of 10
2	I'm really glad I bought this car.
2	Really like this vehicle gets a lot of looks on the road also when I go places I get a lot of questions asked about the car.
1	When traveling on the freeways I average between 37-39 miles per gallon.
1	A very comfortable ride.
1	The third door is great and mak
1	I love my little Veloster!
2	 I'm sure it will go down in my history books as one of my favorite cars.
2	I plan to keep it long enough to pass on to my kids.
1	(I'm currently child-less so I'll be holding on to it for a LONG time!)
1	Besides the sluggish engine the car overall is an amazing product.
2	I have owned mine a couple months now and love it.
2	I would definately reccomend it as an option, if it wasn't for the stylish body style I would have swayed towards the elantra which my p
2	We have enjoyed owning this vehicle,using it around town as well as on long trips.
2	We have not encountered any real problems with it at all.
1	The Veracruz is worth considering if you are looking at the Lexus RX350.
2	This car has a more powerful engine, more interior room and seats, and a better warranty.
1	Resale value probably isn't so great due to lack of demand.
1	If I were doing this purchase o
1	Too expensive.
2	I went for a Durango instead, a bit more expensive but loaded with accessories.
1	Very nice vehicle
1	I would recommend this vehicle to anyone in the market for a SUV.
1	Love it!
1	Excellent ride combined with a ton of luxury features.
1	My only real complaint is the poor gas mileage.
1	See above
1	Bought 2, I liked it so much.
2	A great car.
1	So many standard features compared to it's competitors.
1	If you haven't driven one, it is worth your time.
2	This is my second one, much better than the 06' I had.
1	Realiability and appearance the car is perfect.
2	This is a wonderfully fun car to drive and it's crisp lines with beautiful interior makes it spectacular.
1	Over all is a very good car and good pricing compare to other similar cars.
1	The best of the best!
1	Performance that matches a 335i and smokes an A5 for about $200 less per month on a lease.
1	I'm in love with it..!!
1	I like a car to be a little less than common place.
1	There are so many BMW's on the road that I shy away from them.
1	In pretty much every category that matters the Infiniti G is the equal of a 3 series.
1	0-60 time, handling, comfort are all on a par with th
2	If you want a fun to drive car with plenty of gadgets at a reasonable price, this is the car to buy.
2	I was all set to buy a BMW 328i when I decided to look at the Infiniti, and am I glad that I did.
1	I got the G37S, which is more closely matched to the 33
2	best car i ever owned
2	I don't think you can get a nicer faster more equipped car for the money period.
1	Great value for the price.
1	I am definately going to buy another one.
1	Fantastic car
2	This is the 5th Infiniti in the family and they have all been beautifully made cars.
1	The g37x is a BMW killer for much less money.
1	The car feels like a sports car when you want to have fun and is smooth and quiet when you are just trying to get home.
1	Not
1	Great price for an entry level luxury sedan.
1	Previous vehicle was an 2009 Acura TL, and this G37 misses some of the attention to detail stuff.
2	Overall if your looking for a entry level high performance sedan (i.e acceleration handling and braking) this i
1	This is a great 4-door sedan.
1	I was looking for a 4 door with a heart of a sports car and this is it!
1	Given the competitors in the class - along with those cars a step below - you can probably get a better value.
2	This is a fun car to drive and with all-wheel drive, the driver always feels in control.
1	The interior is luxurious, with plenty of seat adjustments to ensure a perfect fit for both the driver and the passenger.
2	There's plenty of room in the backseat, and
2	I strongly recommend this vehicle for anyone who is looking for a fun and reliable car to drive.
1	I have no doubt that I will be buying another one in a few years.
1	You will not be disappointed if you buy this car.
1	Love this car.
1	Fun to drive
2	Really is the best car I've owned (includes the Ulimate BMW 530).
1	I have a 2010 G37xS with 30K miles for over 2 years now and would buy a 2013 if this one wasn't such a great car.
1	The stearing feel 99.9% of the 10 year old 5 series.
1	New BMW's are a shado
1	A good compromise, good value and performance for the money.
2	best car i ever owned
1	I don't think you can get a nicer faster more equipped car for the money period.
1	Great value for the price.
1	I am definately going to buy another one.
1	Fantastic car
1	This is the 5th Infiniti in the family and they have all been beautifully made cars.
1	The g37x is a BMW killer for much less money.
1	The car feels like a sports car when you want to have fun and is smooth and quiet when you are just trying to get home.
1	Not
2	Great price for an entry level luxury sedan.
2	Previous vehicle was an 2009 Acura TL, and this G37 misses some of the attention to detail stuff.
1	Overall if your looking for a entry level high performance sedan (i.e acceleration handling and braking) this i
1	This is a great 4-door sedan.
1	I was looking for a 4 door with a heart of a sports car and this is it!
1	Given the competitors in the class - along with those cars a step below - you can probably get a better value.
2	This is a fun car to drive and with all-wheel drive, the driver always feels in control.
2	The interior is luxurious, with plenty of seat adjustments to ensure a perfect fit for both the driver and the passenger.
1	There's plenty of room in the backseat, and
1	I strongly recommend this vehicle for anyone who is looking for a fun and reliable car to drive.
2	I have no doubt that I will be buying another one in a few years.
1	You will not be disappointed if you buy this car.
1	Love this car.
1	Fun to drive
2	Really is the best car I've owned (includes the Ulimate BMW 530).
2	I have a 2010 G37xS with 30K miles for over 2 years now and would buy a 2013 if this one wasn't such a great car.
1	The stearing feel 99.9% of the 10 year old 5 series.
1	New BMW's are a shado
1	A good compromise, good value and performance for the money.
1	In short it is a great car, but highly under-rated.
1	great car
2	Best car I have ever owned ...
1	For a near luxury vehicle, I would choose this vehicle over the Audi due to the fact that my previous Audis was unreliable with the electrical (many in fact) issues and very expensive maintenance.
1	it ight
2	Overall, would highly recommend this vehicle; I've driven it for over a year without a single problem.
2	I previously owned a G35, great car.
1	The M35 S is another great car.
1	OK gas mileage in town and excelent mileage on highway.Everthing is top-notch.
1	Fun, drivers car.
1	Great styling, ride and overall package.
1	Great overall car
1	good car ..
2	This has been an amazing car for me.
1	I have a 90 min drive to work each way (63 miles of rush hour) and this car makes it as painless as possible.
2	My previous 2010 E350 averaged 19.8 MPG (I enjoy...spirited driving) so the jump up to 29.5 was a nice surp
1	Superbly illumintanig data here, thanks!
1	I'm not wtorhy to be in the same forum.
1	ROTFL
1	Need you ask?
1	great!
2	Best vehicle I ever owned
2	I've had 4 SUV's and I can honestly say this one is my favorite!
2	I love this vehicle - other than the headrest on the front seats.
1	It's uncomfortable if you lean back to take a nap as a passenger.
1	The seats were initially a little hard during a long trip
1	Own a Denali now and truly liked the interior room over my current vehicle.
1	Overall, I truly miss my old QX56.
1	It was simpler and I don't think that any of the interior changes were for the better.
1	The old camera system made more sense to me, storage was a huge factor, leg room for a large luxury suv was important to me, everyth
1	Excellent Value
1	This SUV instills great confidence in it's ride, performance and roadworthiness, while at the same time offering comfort for the passengers.
1	great overall large suv,
1	Very pleased with dealership and with the car.
1	I hope I am eventually able to figure out the touch screen without having an accident.
1	I think it is beautiful and it is supposed to get better gas mileage than the G37x.
1	As stated earlier, this is my 6th Infiniti in a row.
2	I migrated to this brand after having to take out a second mortgage to pay for the constant repairs on a BMW 540i.
1	The performance would be better than the G37 were it not for the run flats.
1	I can't wa
1	Infiniti is not the Japanese BMW anymore with this offering.
1	Exceptional fit, finish, and tight handling.
1	the most important thing in infiniti cars are that nissan don't install that piece of junk CVT transmissions which kills all the beauty engine performance, i love infiniti and i always will
1	I would recommend this car to everyone whose asked me about it.
1	The car is just an overall exhilarating machine and a pleasure to drive around.
2	Perfect size - not too big, not too small.
2	Quality, feature set is just right, quiet, no road noise is coming into the cabin except 3.7 liter engine roar when pushed.
2	Power and ride of good luxury sporty sedan, with Direct Adaptive Steering making it mor
2	I'm delighted with my new Q50 AWD Hybrid.
2	The car drives beautifully and it's packed with features, bells and whistles.
1	I love having a hybrid with this much horsepower.
1	I think it should be fine to have a steering wheel that's not physically attached to
1	Having owned Infiniti vehicles in the past, the Q50 is NOTHING like anything they have built before!
2	As an overall comparison, we also own a 2013 Cadillac ATS4 Premium 3.6 and a 2013 BMW 335 X-Drive Luxury Line, and the Q50 S AWD.
1	While the Cadillac and
2	I am very happy with the Q50 Sport Hybrid.
1	It's very fast and satisfying everytime I drove it.In term of performance, pricing and option there is just not a car that can compete with it, currently.I highly recommend you go test drive one if you haven't.
1	Overall a great car.
1	Infiniti has really hit a home run with the Q50.
1	Based on looks alone this is a super car.
1	I like the ES350 better, better ride and better Navagation center ...
2	The InTouch system controls the audio, climate, and navigation systems and has major bugs.
1	The system has to boot when the car starts and will spontaneously reboot occasionally while driving.
1	This clears the navigation system and resets all the controls.
1	The car is an Infinity....that says it all!
2	If you have never had one you will have another and another or you may never need but one.I've seen 420,000 miles on these cars and they still look, drive, perform with style.I've had Acura, Audi, Subaru,Saab,V
1	Best car I've ever owned.
1	Not going back to BMW, whose marketing, in my humble view, exceeds its reliability.
1	Overall I give the Q50 a 10 !
1	Its combination of luxury & performance is a step ( or TWO) above others in its class !
2	This will be my one and only Infiniti.
2	I will go back to my Audi in 2-3 years when I trade again.
2	I've driven Infinitis for the past 12 years and I have found them relatively trouble free and nicely designed, particularly the first generation g sedan and coupe of which I owned both.
1	I found the second generation sedan and coupe somewhat akward lookin
1	The Q50 is a great car to have.
1	very refied in look and feel of all the materials inside the cabin.
1	The outside look is stylish and sporty looking.
2	I've owned a great many performance cars (two GTO's, Corvette, Audi TT, Shelby Mustang, two Mustang GT's, and 4 Jags among others) and this is by far the best and most enjoyable to drive.
1	I'm at an age that I also like certain creature comforts and the F
1	Congratulations to Jag!
1	You guys nailed it.
1	Enzo thought the E Type was gorgeous.
1	I can only imagine what he would think of the F-Type!
1	I love everything about this car.
2	I've had it for about 3 months.
1	Owned a Porsche Cayman S (modified to increase horsepower) and 650i BMW convertible, this car his head and shoulders above them.
1	Was looking to purchase a 911 Turbo but the F-Type is such a head turner.
1	My only concern will be its reliability due to Jagu
2	The car is somewhat difficult to get in and out.
1	It is a small car overall, but that adds to its nimbleness.
1	The fit and finish is the best, and the quality of materials is impressive.
1	If I had a three-car garage I would own one to drive in the summer (a
2	GranDParent Theodore''Teddy'' Roosevelt Bestow Congress Medal of Honor on Brig Gen. Jon Doe Leader of 10 /07/74 Henry H ara rnold Mr.Doe.
1	General Ted Cane US Marshall(UPI/Corbiz)
1	The new generation Jaguar's are truly at the top of the class.
2	This is my 8th Jag and it will be my last.
1	The dealer, Rusnak of Pasadena, use a come-on to get me in, then lied about the pay-off price, first tying to slip $6,000 (yes $6,000.00) in additional costs.
2	It took five hours to purchase the car, and now I fi
1	2013 Jaguar XF is a fine piece of machinery.
1	XF supercharged has one goal in mind.
1	To give you a smooth ride with power ready to be unleashed at tap of the pedal.
1	Interior is a bit dated with the touchscreen interface.
1	New comers all the way down to the
1	10..it%20is%20stellar
2	My ninth Jaguar in the past twenty years and the best of them all so far !
1	Its an amazing car to drive.
1	On a scale of 1-10 I give the Jaguar XF 10.
2	love it
1	If you're reading this you're likely shopping for a high-end car.
1	Do yourself a favor and check out the Jaguar XJL - this car sets the standard for luxury cars IMHO.
1	Outstanding!
1	To the press.
1	I mentioned above how to disable the touch screen animations in the settings.
1	I've also heard a few reviewers complain that the park assist screen stays on after you go from reverse to drive.
1	The park assist automatically terminates once yo
1	JustAbsolutelyGorgeous!Breathtaking, Stunning, Beautiful
2	Have had the car only a little more than a month.
1	A pure delight thus far.
2	 We'll see how it holds up over time.
2	When you are driving it casually it can be soft and comfortable and quite frankly a joy to drive, but when you find yourself staring at a newly found curvy road, it can be anything but subdued.
1	At the push of one button and the flip of either shift paddl
1	What a car should drive and look like.
1	A 10 in my book
2	The new Jeep Cherokee is everything its predecessor was and much more!
1	Awesome addition to the Jeep lineup.
1	Excellent, safe, beautiful SUV
2	No buyers remorse.
1	This is a well equipped, safe SUV.
2	It handles well on the highway as well in heavy local traffic.
1	It is has a flexible cargo area and the back seats will fold completely flat.
1	The back seats move forward and backward to allow tall passengers to have leg
2	Loving everything about our Trail Hawk so far and we have had the weather to prove it!
2	Very comfortable seats and excellent driving position.
1	We have the upgraded center console and most of the latest gadgets.
1	Gas mileage is pretty good for 4x4.
1	Driving
1	A lot of value for the money
2	One of the best Jeeps in years.A great in between vehicle, combining attributes of the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee.
1	The Cherokee is alot of SUV for the money
1	Our favorite Jeep thus far (this makes
1	Have driven 700 miles so far no problems.
2	Transmission is beginning to adjust to our driving style I believe and it can only enhance our enjoyment in the future.
2	Overall very pleased with my purchase.
2	Been a Ford owner most of my life, I'm happy to say I think I've crossed over to the dark side!
1	If you are thinking about purchasing a mid-size SUV, this one is well worth the investment.
2	Overall, I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase and anticipate long lines to get the Trailhawk model; she's a beast.
2	Excellent Choice and great millage
1	Great mid sized SUV.
1	Great car.
1	We have only had our Trailhawk for 2 weeks now but have been in thick sand, off roading on trails, and in snow.
1	It handled them all amazingly.
1	It is better looking in person.
1	Photographs don't do it justice.
2	We have gotten lots of compliments
1	As much as I loved the vehicle I couldn't get over the service from the salesman, he wasn't pushy or trying to seal the deal right then and there.
1	He really catered to my needs.
1	When I finally do decide to buy I will fly down to LA just to buy from him.
2	In the end the other attributes of the Cherokee overcame my disappointment with cargo space, making the 2014 Jeep Cherokee a BUY!
1	Jeep outdid theirselves with this one
1	Go and TEST DRIVE ONE TODAY!!!
1	You will not be disappointed!!
1	I'm in the market for a compact SUV in the near future and this one is the clear leader.
2	The Trailhawk will be overkill for most people.
1	For suburbanites like me, the Limited will be just right.
1	The Mazda CX-5 is nice, so is the Ford Escape.
1	The 2014 Che
2	fantastic suv at a great price
2	We love our new Cherokee.
2	We had to wait quite awhile for it but it sure seems worth the wait.
2	We bought the Limited with almost every option.
1	Clearly best ride in the class
2	its a very good car and I recommend to other people
1	Doesn't have the power of my Grand Cherokee with the V8 Hemi, but then I didn't expect it to and it sure gets better gas mileage.
1	GREAT LITTLE SUV.
1	I RECOMMED THIS SUV TO ANYONE.
1	I LOOKED AT CHEVY .NISSAN.
1	NO MATCH.
2	All I can say is a pleasant surprise to find a great smaller suv with a lot of perks for a pretty low price...with great mileage.
1	ta boot!
1	Being brand-loyal to Chrysler products and with the price offered, it was an easy choice to make.
1	I seriously considered and researched competitors, but did not find the higher prices for the competitors justified with respect to potential increased perf
1	good basic vehicle for northern climate
2	Big improvement from the 2012 Patriot that I traded in even though the insides are idential.
1	That cut down on having to adjust to a new ca.r Much less engine noise and it has the feel of a passinger car.
1	I would highly recommend this vehicle.
1	It is among the best of the best.
2	Not a totally bad vehicle, if I did not have all the electrical problems I would be pleased with the vehicle.
1	Also if they were not ongoing I would fill better giving the vehicle a high rating.
2	Right now, far from the most satisfied customer.
1	Review ID:
1	Decent ride and capable jeep.
1	But even for 55K it is still a jeep.
1	Tens of thousands cheaper than Range Rover with the same options but will be in the shop as much as a Range Rover.
1	However with the range rover you will at least have service reps pretend
2	Had the vehicle for 3 days and the electronic dash board went blank.
1	Restarted the car 3 times and it came back on.
2	6 days later, the navigation system went blank.
1	Had to pull over turn the car off and it came back on.
2	A week later the radio screen froze
1	One of the best cars I have owned with lots of features.
2	I have not had any problems with the Jeep in 7 months of ownership.
1	The Grand Cherokee is an excellent choice, we were considering several vehicles in the same segment when we decided to go with the Grand Cherokee and I wouldn't have it any other way.
2	Overall, I'm been completely statisfied with my 2014 GC Overland.
2	No major problems.
1	Advise- read the manuals and know your build date!
1	4k on it so far and I still really like the looks of the GC.The 8 speed tranny is nice, except at low acceleration it's a little lungy getting from 1st to 4th gear.It tows my ATV's with ease with the 5.7L Hemi; although that comes at a price at the pump.
1	Save your money and from being very disappointed and buy something else.
2	Overall its a great truck - it's a shame they couldn't get the electronics right before releasing it.
1	Its a good vehicle
1	So far at 7,000 miles and dispite one recall for dash display, we really enjoy driving this vehicle.
2	Very pleased with the vehicle overall, great fuel mileage, quick, smooth shifting, and all the luxury we wanted
2	Awesome Vehicle -minus- The Dealership
1	Wish leather and power seats were available on Laredo 4x4
2	Overall this is the nicest vehicle I have ever owned.
2	I hope to keep it at least 10 years.
2	Love the jeep!
1	Overall a great deal for the money,
2	Exactly what I was looking for and performs up to my expectation.
1	Very unique towing capacity without going to a pick up truck and sacrificing sporty performance.
2	I drove a Durango for 10 years and needed a replacement but wanted luxury, 4x4, large vehicle and good fuel economy.
1	First vehicle I've come across that fits this profile.
2	Love love love my new cherry red Jeep.
2	Love this truck - it is awesome!!!
2	I read the reviews before i bought my 2014 Grand .
1	The new electrontics far more than any other Grand .
2	With it comes a few problems like anything else.
2	Had remote installed NOT ONE PROBLEM WITH IT but to read the reviews you would think it was the last
2	Worst vehicle I have ever owned.
1	Dealerships with employees that know nothing about the vehicles they are supposed to be doing service on.
1	Repeatedly blown off and treated like I was crazy.
2	Problems were intermittent and unpredictable.
1	Paying for a vehic
2	i am very happy to have bought another JEEP...it compares to the ML and is more enjoyable than an AUDI Q5 (egg salad without mayo)
2	would definitely recommend this vehicle...gas mileage is much better, transmission is better too
2	I am very pleased with this vehicle which replaced my 11 year old Grand Cherokee.
2	I liked the old one but this is a step up in terms of luxury and performance.
2	You could spend less and get one of the other versions of the Grand Cherokee, but my decision to but the Summit was based on the ride and the appearance.
1	Overall it is a great vehicle and I am a Jeep lover so we will get along well.
2	I have only had this for about a month now and am still learning my way around it.
2	Overall it is a great vehicle and I am a Jeep lover so we will get along well.
2	I have only had this for about a month now and am still learning my way around it.
2	An extremely well put together and engineered vehicle
2	The Jeep Grand Cherokee is a wonderful car.
1	A dealer should be more informed on how to help a comsumer not familiar with a very nice equipment.
2	Overall, I am extremely happy with my Liberty.
2	Thanks to Jeep's cash incentives and dealership discounts, the price of this new vehicle was a bargain.
2	The ride and handling of the liberty are fantastic for a truck-based SUV... and I can't understand why
2	I went from a Grand Cherokee to a Liberty.
1	Mostly what I notice is the somewhat smaller interior.
1	Other than that, I really like this Jeep.
2	It looks great and rides very well.
1	i would also say it is much quieter than my 2004 GC was.
1	I love the small chro
1	I like this vehicle's ride, comfort size and drivability.
2	It's a great smaller Suv for daily use w/ the convenience of offroad capabilities.
2	This is my 2nd Jeep Liberty, and the 12th Jeep in my family.
2	We have never had any issues with our Jeeps and have always loved that they would make it through any winter that was thrown at them.
1	Time has only improved this ability.
1	The current 2012 Jeep
2	Overall its a good vehicle.
1	For the price its better than alot of the small suv's.
1	Its got more of a truck feel than alot of other suvs and a bit of a higher stance.
1	I like the Latitude trim as it has alot of the Limited options includeing Leather and ch
2	It's an ok vehicle but if I had been able to forsee the problems I would not have purchased it.
2	Good vehicle to own
2	Good rugged American style vehicle, needs a little refinement
2	I really like this vehicle - it is the most well rounded design available.
2	It tows a camping trailer well, is good off road, handles and ride comfortably, is practically sized, and after a year of ownership has been perfectly reliable.
1	We did a lot of re
1	After owning a 2002 Dodge Durango for 10 years, I wanted an SUV that I would love to drive as much as the Durango.
2	I purchased a 2012 Jeep Patriot, but only owned for 3 months, just was not right for me, cheap interior, seats uncomfortable, and no power
2	For us, we could not have a better vehicle.
2	We looked for a long time and knew this was the right truck for us.
2	We also have a 2008 Sebring Hardtop convertible and the two vehicles have identical controls and dash layout, hands free phone and navigation,
2	good truck for around town.
2	great in snow.
2	great in trails.
2	not a commuter at 16mpg but its a strong heavy truck and you feel safe in it.
2	Wife and I love the looks, comfort and amenities.
1	Looked for 'AMERICAN' vehicle...awesome!
2	I feel great that I bought an 'American' vehicle that looks cool, rides well, and is comfortable.
1	An O.K.
1	SUV.
1	If you like a more car like ride on the road this is not the vehicle for you.
2	You'd be better off looking at crossovers.Overall I'm happy with my purchase.
2	It's exactly what I expected, after much research, and I'm proud to park it next to my husband's W
1	On my 3rd Liberty.
1	Sorry they're not making them anymore.
2	Have had hardly any trouble with any of my jeeps.
1	Guess I'll look at the new Cherokee next.
1	Put a good set of tires on it and you're ready to roll!
2	I bought it before productions discontinued !
2	We bought the Jeep as a replacement for my thirteen-year-old college car.
2	We've owned it now for six months and with the exception of the roof side rails and the amount of gas we go through, we are happy with our purchase.
1	I drove it about 10 times and I just don't like it.
1	My friend does though so hey at least hes happy.
1	I rented one of these for a week in Hawaii, and I wanted to share my experience.All vehicles are tradeoffs - you trade weight for space, or gas mileage for performance.
1	However, this seems to be a vehicle with all downsides, while offering no benefits in
2	Great SUV amazingly capable and reminds me of previous cherokee.
2	Despite poor gas mileage you won't be driving the new cherokee disappointment set out by jeep.
2	great truck tough, strong, good control, feels great while driving.
2	I recommend it for people who like the feel of a real truck but want something that's not tremendous and takes up lots of space
2	Good ute but not great as a rental.
1	Drive before you buy.
1	Overall I like it
1	I like the fact it's built in Ohio with a great deal of domestic content and American labor.
2	Mine has been very reliable.
2	I use synthetic fluids and follow all maintance requiremnts and I did bring the noise of a driveline clunk to the dealers attention
2	Love my vehicle and If gas mileage and engine power on takeoff were improved, it would be a major contender.
1	After reading auto magazines reviews, I almost did not consider test driving this vehicle.
2	I was talked into test driving by co-workers who also purchased, and loved, their Patriots.
1	I gave it a test drive and I could not believe I was in the same vehicl
2	my JEEP is wonderful for me!!
2	Love this car!
2	It gets me great gas mileage for my 42 mile one way commute everyday and makes me feel safe in the SUV body.
2	I have the 2012 Jeep Patriot Latitude and I love the little bells and whistles I get!
1	Heated leather seats, navigation, satellite
2	LOVE IT!
2	I would recommend this SUV to everyone.
1	It is priced right.
2	Has ALOT of space.
1	PLENTY of leg room for all passengers.
2	GREAT smooth ride.
1	Amazing stereo.
1	(I LOVE my music:)
1	Great cheap SUV on the budget, with great gas mileage.
1	Very accurate opinions!
1	Encourageing!
1	greta vehicl at a great price
2	The Perfect Family Jeep: great for retirees as the main vehicle.
1	Pricing very affordable.
1	Would give a 10 out of 10!
2	I normally drive Toyotas so this was an unusual vehicle choice for me.
1	I wanted a manual transmission and Toyota doesn't offer one in the RAV4.
2	It took a lot of searching to find a nicely equipped Patriot with the 5 speed transmission but it was worth it
1	For the money, this is a great buy.
1	If you want fancy, them this might not be for you.
1	Colors are limited, but good.
1	Not a van and not a car, but a very good choice for something in between.
1	Great vehicle.
2	My wife and I LOVE this vehicle!
2	I just went over the 200k mile mark on my 2004 Tacoma.
1	If Toyota doesn't get real and deal a little better on the Rave4 (they wanted $6k more for a base model with auto trans compared to the Jeep), I will be buying anothe
2	Great in every way.
2	Would buy another in a heartbeat.
2	12,000 miles, not one problem.
2	I would purchase this vehicle again.
1	I actually drove 8 hours in poor weather conditions to pick up my 2011Jeep Patriot.
2	It handled so well, I was no doubt impressed when it got me home safely in blizzard like conditions.
2	It's perfect for me and my family, we love driving it.
1	It's a good th
1	perfect vehicle for the average suburban or country driver.
1	plenty of storage space.
1	very capable of taking on unexpected road conditions.
2	gives you a safe feeling when driving conditions are not so comfortable.
1	Other than the very dangerous ignition problem a good vehicle
1	I love Jeep!
2	This is my second one.
1	This vehicle is very affordable.
1	Love the color.
1	Love the ride.
2	Again, for the price, I could not be happier.
1	It is a Jeep, it is well optioned, roomy, and gets good gas mileage.
2	Mine has 50000 miles on it and I've loved driving it for each one
2	VERY happy with my purchase.
1	It is a Great care
1	It is a Jeep!!!
2	I would examine all vehicles in this price range before purchasing another Jeep.
2	Unless you have no reason to need your electronic toys powered up and one 12 volt plug is enough for you, and you don't experience the electronic issues I have....you may be
2	I would recommend a jeep to my friends
2	worst car, new or used, I have ever owned
1	My next car won't be a Jeep
2	great all round suv
2	I am glad I purchased this vehicle.
1	It is the most vehicle for the money if you need all wheel drive.
2	Excellent Buy
2	Great for my family of four.
2	Easy to pack up for weekend trips to beach or mountains and those trips to grocery store
1	Not worth it
2	The 2014 Jeep Wrangler is a vehicle for all seasons and all reasons!
2	It's nice to know when unpredictable weather hits, I have the vehicle that's ready.
1	The 4WD in Jeep's are in a category by themselves.
1	No other vehicle can do it better.
2	I thought it wa
2	Wish i had bought it new, but used is just fine for me!
1	Reccomend it to anyone!
2	comfortable and trail worthy car
2	Love it so far.
2	This is my first Jeep and wonder why I didn't buy one years ago.
1	I love it!
2	I?m happy!!!
1	Fantastic vehicle!
2	love it love it, love it!!!!
2	I will never buy anything other than a Wrangler from now on!
2	It's cool, you know what you are getting into when buying a Wrangler so don't expect a smooth ride or luxury.
2	I have the unlimited in black and it is sweet, keeping it clean is a different matter.
1	It's a Jeep!
2	thats why I got it.
2	Surprises me for gas mileage and how they hold their value!!!
1	It is a must have.
2	I truly enjoy driving my Jeep, I even let my husband drive it on the weekends when I'm not working.
2	I feel safe driving in a vehicle that is higher up.
1	I have even learned to do the Jeep wave!
1	To summ it all up..
1	Aggressively styled, luxuriously appointed, appropriately powered and generously priced.
1	There really is no competition to this Cadenza, it has set the benchmark for affordable luxury for the working class.
1	Like me.
1	2014 Kia Cadenza has entered the scene and is starting to build its reputation with a bang.
1	Having captured a first and second place victory in recent comparison test versus the competition, this new Kia is on its way.
1	Exterior of new Cadenza will remind
1	Great car for the money- and I drove at all of the competition.
1	None could compare.
1	Perfect car for my family
1	Test drove one of these while I was waiting for my parents Maxima to be serviced.
1	It needs work badly.
1	Its horribly underpowered, the transmission is indecisive and very slow to shift.
1	It will not downshift unless you put the pedal to the floor.
1	Handlin
2	Being a loyal GM owner for the last 20+ years, it was time to move on.
2	Buying this KIA has not let me down.
1	GM, it's time to wake up and smell the coffee.
2	great family car with fully loaded
2	This is my first Kia car and I have amazed quality of this car.
2	It is definitely the best choice for my family.
2	great ride nice handiling
2	Wouldn't hesitate to buy another.
2	This car really surprised me.
1	COMFORT, QUITE, and overall, a will made car.
1	I was looking at the Lincoln MKZ first.
2	But this car was hands down the better of the two.
1	All I can say is two words TEST DRIVEone.
1	Before you buy any car in this class do y
1	I would highly recommend this car
2	you get your monies worth cant believe this is a KIA
1	Wish it had remote start
1	This car was a definite surprise.
1	Once you test drive this car, you will appreciate its quality and details.
1	This car is no German engineering from focus driving dynamics perspective, but if you are in the market for a comfortable cruiser with great styl
1	A great luxury car.
2	 I had an Infinity and this one beats it at a very good price.
2	Great car and the dealership was one of the best I have ever done business with.
2	I will probably go back to the Lexus LS - my old 2000 LS400 was more enjoyable to own , ride in and to drive.Only 1700 miles and almost 4 months of ownership I am disappointed.
1	One of the best cars I've ever driven.
2	Only own this for about 2 months but am very happy.
1	Styling has a wow factor amongst my contemporaries in business.
2	Ride is smooth and solid.
2	Not too cushy, but bumps are subtley muffled.
2	All systems seem to be at the top of their game.
1	No rattles or squ
2	If you can find one at a dealership buy it, you will not find a better car value.
1	Everything about this car speaks luxury and safety with great handling and power.
2	The sound system is one of the best and I can even put pictures of the family on the screen.
1	Love this car.
2	If you're looking for a car that has all the options of a an expensive car but is reasonably priced, buy a Cadenza.
2	This was a very good choice for me coming from a 1999 Mitsubishi Diamante.
2	I like luxury without the badge, and wanted a car that I feel I can live with for many years.
1	The Cadenza fits the bill.
2	This was a very good choice for me coming from a 1999 Mitsubishi Diamante.
2	I like luxury without the badge, and wanted a car that I feel I can live with for many years.
1	The Cadenza fits the bill.
2	Excellent vehicle with the drivability of a BMW or other camparable sedans
1	If you test this car you will buy it.
2	Have had it about two months and love it.
2	Had previously driven Infinitis and Cadillacs but this is one of the best.
2	Love the car.
1	It is worth taking a test drive to experience a car that is a better value with all of the features it offers than the competition.
2	This car puts the fun back in driving!
1	luxury at a managable price, with all the luxo items u would find in a higher priced car.
2	warranty can not be touched by any luxo car at a much higher price.
1	I highly recommend this car for at least a test drive it will sell itself.
1	Good value with the best warranty on the msrket.
2	VERY HAPPY
2	Over all I'm very pleased, was the easeiest new car buy I ever had in and out in under 3hrs.
2	And like I said earlier the car is WELL built, I will keep it way past the 10yrs.....
2	fantastic car 30 mpg around town and 36 on highway
1	This car handles very well.
1	Gas mileage is awesome
2	Purchased the fully loaded EX model.
1	The outside body design is sharp distinctive styling, particularly its tail lamps,running lights, and HID headlights.
2	The six-speed automatic transmission works seamlessly.
1	Interior styling with its soft-touch dashboa
2	I would recommend this to anyone looking at higher-end cars (Corolla, Elantra etc) Great car at good price with lots of luxuries.
2	the car is not bad at all just a spare tire lether seats better radio thats it
1	This is a nice car, however you might want to look for something more economical if most of your driving is in the city.
2	I wish I had leased the higher end upgrade with electric seats.
2	I was kind of used to them with my Sorrento, but overall I love this car.
1	Between the Sorrento, the Soul and this Forte I have become a real KIA fan.
2	I do not have too much to complain about...
2	Excellent vehicle, great price, great dealership.
2	Check out the Kia before you spend more on a different brand.
1	This 2014 KIA FORTE EX is one of the Best cars i test drove and you get your moneys worth!
2	I have saved hundereds off dollars in FUEL so Far since April when i purchased it.
2	nICE SMOOTH RIDE.
1	lOVE TH SELECT SHIFT 6 SPEED TRANS./WICH IS STANDARD.
2	OVERALL ITS A NICE DRIVING VEHICLE
2	Have The 13/Optima SX and The 14/Forte EX Love Both Cars, They are Parked Side by Side In The Garage!
1	great car with plenty of room inside
2	The Forte is the best car I've ever driven
1	Great car!
2	I am really impressed with Kia!
2	love this car can't wait until I can take it out on the highway
1	love it!!!!
1	Over all this is a remarkably good looking car with more than moderate performance FOR THE MONEY.
1	Any improvements would cost an additional 10 to 15 g. The driving feel of the car and the fit and finish make it a winner.Plus it has a five year 100,000 k
1	great value for the price
1	When I was shopping for a car, I looked at the Kia Rio due to it being very stylish and cheap but what turned me off to it was that it doesn't even a spare tire!!!!!!!
1	It comes with a Fix-a-flat can which is only useful in certain situations.
1	I would nev
2	Nice little car.But Im not only disapointed, Im very unhappy with the purchase based on the transmission problem, and the customer service is completely unaceptable.
1	That's a smart asnewr to a difficult question.
2	GREAT CAR
1	Overall, the Kia Rio is a great car to purchase.
2	It has great features, it's spacious and you will be happy you bought it when you see the savings in your gas budget.
1	You'll have more money to spend for entertainment!!
2	I just love my new vehicle
1	NONE
2	I test drove everything, and I do mean everything from a Honda/Nissan/Ford up to a $40k sport utility truck and then choose a Kia.
2	I would rate my Kia Rio an 8.5 out of 10.
2	Love this car!
2	Attractive and good handling
2	i have 17k on it and no problems at all
1	not the car for me
1	not the car for me
1	Would not recommend this car to own.
1	Over all a great car for the price.
1	I average 40-41 MGG
2	Over all a great little car.
1	Great gas milage, LOTS of room.
2	I can't say enough good about it, & would (and do) recommend it to anyone who's interested in buying a small car.
1	Decent car, not going to win any races, but still a good solid car.
1	For the money?
1	Great buy.
2	I would recommend to a family member or best friend.
1	Is it a luxury vehicle?
1	nope but it has a lot of tech those vehicles have.
1	none
2	Quite satisfied through this early mileage..the true test comes at 25,000 and then 50, 000 etc.
2	Look, if you want to get AC, but not pay a lot for a car, this one is it....My car is as basic as anything built, but totally fulfills my needs (retired, mid-
2	so far so good but i have had the car only a week
2	Great car for the money, I got high end features such as backup camera, power mirror, and power folding mirrors for the same price as base models of other vehicles.
2	I WORK FOR KMMG AND I DRIVE 80 MILES A DAY OR ABOUT 480 MILES A WEEK..I GOT THE CAR IN MARCH 2012 AND HAVE 20890 MILES AND I HAVE HAD KNOW TRUBLE OUT OF IT.
2	ALL I HAVE HAD TO DO IS THE SCHEDULE MAINTENANCE .
1	I ALSO GET ABOUT 37.5 MILES TO THE GAL.
1	Review
2	easy to work with dealer
1	AWESOME!
2	Best car for the money I could find
1	Awsome car
1	I like this car.
1	It's inexpensive, relatively fuel efficient, and spacious for a compact car.
1	Putting the back seats down really gives a lot of space.
1	this is a 2012 5 door 500 miles on it.
1	Call it a long test drive.
2	My wife and I love it.
1	we are reited.
1	don't travel much.
1	wanted a  get around town carthat was reliable and low cost in purchase price and came with long term reliability and warranty.
1	l
2	I HAD A pt CRUISER AND WAS HAPPY WITH IT EXCEPT THE MILAGE WAS BAD.
2	this car is like a small PT cruiser with excellent milage.
1	I compared the Chevy Spark, the ford focus (they came in second) and the chysler 200.
1	Rio won... most bang for the buck Review
2	All in all, I dislike this car and cannot wait to trade it.
2	Only 3,000 miles on the clock - anone interested?
2	We will wait and see before we write an overall review.
1	A worth buying little car
1	See my review of 2009 Kia Rio5 before considering purchasing 2011
2	Would highly recommend the Kia Sedona!
1	Go drive a Toyota Sienna and a Honda Odyssey.
2	You will end up paying a lot more for a lot less.
1	It could be a little more modern looking .It looks kind of a Senior citezens van.
2	The Kia Sedona is the right fit for me and my family.
1	Lots of seating, easy to get in and out of, and lots of storage.
2	The quiet but powerful V6 coupled with a smooth 6 speed transmission is superb.
1	Great handling and cornering, the Sedona handles more l
1	10
1	BLAH
1	DRIVE IT , YOU WILL LOVE IT
1	Buy one Now!
2	The very best vehicle.We have ever owned.
1	It is like driving a sports car,Very fun to drive.
2	The word for this van is Extraordinarly the best!
2	Will never buy another chrysler van,
2	Will never buy another chrysler van,
2	Best dang vehicle I've had in 25 years!!!
1	(My last favorite was a 1987 Colt Vista.)
1	A test drive is not good enough to write a review about any vehicle, owning it is.
1	Overall I really like this car!
2	After three months of ownership, I couldn't be happier.
2	The L2 is the best-kept secret among SUV's.
1	Have fun with it, do the land rover off road events, wnjoy the looks.
2	Great daily driver.
1	Very capable vehicle.
1	See my  prosabove.
1	For the deals you can get on an LR2, it not only undercuts the X3, Q5, GLK, and XC60 by thousands, but even beats a loaded Tiguan, Escape, etc.
1	This is really a vehicle that is overlooked by
2	Nothing has stopped this vehicle so far.
2	It has made light of snow, ice, mud and country roads in all weather conditions.
2	It is equipped with all the goodies one could wish for - a list too long to detail here - and I have put my money where my mouth is
1	Riding on a lighter aluminum platform and dropping the base V8 in favor of a supercharged V6, the new Range Rover Sport is certainly sportier...I saw it in Land Rover North Dade and now I must buy it till has good price!
1	Go for it
1	`
1	OUTSTANDING!!!
1	If you don't have the new Range Rover get one now.
1	Great for 1-2 person commute.
1	Fun drive.
2	Small kids sit comfortably.
2	Not a good vacation car for more than 2 people.
1	This vehicle is not worth the risk.
1	Manufacturer does not support their product.
1	Land Rover took a big risk in America on this compact SUV, they needed a better fuel economy asset vehicle to stay competitive and relevant in the market place.
1	They created a beautiful car with sleek lines, that is 95% true to the prototype we saw a few
2	Best city suv have had.
1	Looking forward to a long trip this fall.
2	I would rate the vehicle a   7 overall.
1	This SUV rides like a dream on the road, great power and acceleration.
2	It's the only vehicle I've owned that has gotten compliments on its looks and performance.
2	No reliability issues in 70,000 miles.
2	great value and it attracts attention
2	I own a Range Rover Sport GT Limited Edition and I absolutely love this vehicle.
1	It is powerful, comfortable, luxurious, and stylish.
2	Though this vehicle was a lease, I will be certain to consider another Range Rover Sport after the lease expires.
1	If you
2	I feel safe behind the wheel of this truck.
1	I recommend test driving the Sport model but, if you are looking for more of a soft ride vehicle try the Range Rover HSE, non sport model.
1	This is also a great vehicle also.
2	best off roading vehicle ever
1	Yes, this car is more expensive.
1	We prices a loaded Prius (leather, nav, moonroof, etc.)
2	and it was about $1500 less.
2	In our minds, it was worth it for the service and quality that Lexus brings.
1	If you don't want an option-loaded car, the Prius or the Ci
1	The fuel economy for the CT is absolutely terrific, the car looks good, and it handles decently.
1	But the rear visibility is perfectly awful.
2	I have removed the rear-seat head restraints, which helps a little but not enough.
1	I am very puzzled as to why ot
1	Seriously, test drive this car.
1	get it!
1	you will love it...
2	Would buy it again!!
1	Even more so if it had more power...
1	This car fits my needs and likes, regardless of its tight back seat.
1	Will be going back in 2 days to try and make a deal.
1	A Best Buy by any measurement.
1	I highly recommend this car if you are interested in a sporty looking, great driving, gas saving vehicle.
1	It is a nice option if you would not want a Prius.
1	However, you must keep in mind, the motor and electric motor is exactly the same of a Prius.
1	Revi
1	If you don't consider this car you are making a big mistake
2	ALL 100%
1	wow
2	This is my first Lexus and first hybrid vehicle and I couldn?t be more pleased.
1	The car is well-appointed with many of the features you find in a similarly priced luxury vehicle.
2	The ride is noticeably smooth, tranquil and quiet; perhaps the best in the
2	this car is outstanding, my second hybrid car and i must say the best, does not lack any comforts and above all else does not look like a cab!!
2	We had a 2012 ES 350, and enjoy the 2013 ES 300h more.
2	Not only is the vehicle excellent but the ownership experience provided by the dealer has continued to be excellent.
2	The controls are easy to understand, but at first, I was less than thrilled with t
2	This is an excellent vehicle overall for those of us who want to save on gas and be eco-friendly without sacrificing luxury.
2	I highly recommend this vehicle to anyone.
1	I'd recommend to anybody looking at equivalent models such as Cadillac CTS, BMW 3 or 5 series, Mercedes 200 or 300 series, don't waste your money the Lexus ES 300 h is better, less expensive, far better on gas and truly an attractive body style.
1	Review I
1	The single most important feature in this car is the sport mode.
1	It would be hard to merge into highway with 4 cylinder 156 HP limousine size car.
1	Sport mode is a must to merge into highway from a low speed.
1	For 46k plus price of this car is not worth it
1	Luxurious, quiet, smooth ride.
1	Great appointments inside the cabin.
1	I love the way it looks on the street.
2	The standard sound system is more than adequate.
1	Roomy front and back.
2	A joy to own and a great value.The best thing is......it doesn't look like a
2	So far it's the   best car we ever owned--- it replaced our 2001 ES300; we still own a 2007 ES350.
2	I would highly recommend, and have, this car to anyone looking for a high quality hybrid automoble
1	Excellent quality, great luxury, good performance and outstanding mileage for a car of this size.
2	My seventh Lexus, but this one is the best yet!
2	9 out of 10.
2	Satisfied with Lexus 300 Hybird
2	had the car for about a week and really enjoy it.
1	If you like a quiet comfortable ride with some sportiness, this is the car for you.
2	The best vehicle we've ever owned.
1	If you're looking for comfort and quality for the money, this is definitely the car for you.
2	After adding a few extras, it is definitely everything we wanted.
2	It's comfortable, it's good looking, gas mileage is acceptab
2	Didn't thiink Lexus could improve further, from my past vehicles, but this one did.
2	Was about to purchase a 2013 Avalon Ltd but looked at ES 350 and agreed to buy the same day.
1	Although the Avalon and ES 350 share numerous systems, the overall driving experience in the ES 350 is well worth the extra $3K to $4K.
2	This is not a  car- this is a fine automobile!
2	The ride is quiet and comfortable; my gas mileage seems to be better than quoted; and it takes Regular Unleaded vs.
1	Premium required in most luxury cars.
2	I only have 1200 miles on it, so I can't address me
1	Great car.
1	Excellent car.
1	I never thought they could improve on the ones I owned previously but they sure did.
1	I can't imagine a better car than this at any price.
1	Absolutely stunning value for money.
1	Please, before bashing Lexus for just being and upscale Toyota, go drive one objectively.
1	If creature comfort, long term reliability and family are your focus, this will be your top 3 consideration.
1	Yes, I have driven
2	Very Happy with my car.
1	Great car!!!
1	just a very nice sedan
2	GREAT CAR ( ONLY HAVE IT A WEEK)
1	WILL BE GETTING ETH CAR IN 2-3 DAYS AND VERY EXCITED
1	WILL BE GETTING ETH CAR IN 2-3 DAYS AND VERY EXCITED
2	Great Vehicle
1	Great car.
1	Test drove GS, A6, M37, Avalon, Accord.
1	The ES had the best overall package for the money hands down.
2	Love It !!
2	I am loving this car to the utmost.
2	It is everything I could ever want in a luxury car for the price.
1	I really love this car!
1	Very good car love the redesign.
1	Loads of rear space.
1	Nice...
1	Very good car love the redesign.
1	Loads of rear space.
1	Nice...
1	Thanks for tkanig the time to post.
1	It's lifted the level of debate
2	We made a good choice!
1	THIS WON'T BE THE LAST ONE THAT YOU BUY!
2	Great looks, great ride, very roomy interior
1	Quality construction makes this auto a real winner.
2	I got the car in March and so far I'd recommend it .
1	Ride is not harsh like other sport sedans.
1	Acceleration is brisk with a little engine sound thrown in.
1	For a person that loves an excellent vehicle with performance & handling !
1	Overpriced compared to other 4 door luxury sedans especially those made in the US.
1	best car ever
1	In the less than 100k bracket this Lexus 350 is an all around practical (but cool) car.
1	I want to love it, but the problems I've had with the luxury features are very frustrating!
2	This is my fourth, and likely my last, Lexus.
1	I was loaned a Porsche Panamera for a week, and loved it, in many ways the GS F Sport is comparable, with more room in the rear seats.
1	There are way too many operating deficiencies to suggest someone lease or purchase this car.
2	An unusable remote, a car that doesn't sense the season and heat or cool the cabin accordingly.
1	No hard drive for music as it must all go through an iPhone.
1	No i
2	Highly recommend this vehicle.
2	Overall performance is great, the interior is quiet.
1	It is very well appointed.
1	I am actually looking forward to my next Lexus.
1	A GX460 will soon be added to our family.
2	My Dealer has been awesome.
2	Sporty 4 door sedan that is fun to drive!
2	Although the vehicle handles well, the overall complexity of the systems proves both frustrating and distracting creating, all too often, an unpleasant driving experience.
2	8 out of 10
2	I made a second evaluation of this vehicle.
2	It is just Great.
1	Absolutely Great.
1	I own and operate an independent Foreign car repair shop.
2	Lexus=Trouble free.
1	The Clown that gave this car two low reviews should be removed from the review listing.
1	I do rea
2	THIS IS A GREAT CAR AND GREAT VALUE.
2	I TRADED A 2013 BMW 750I FOR MY 2013 LEXUS GS350 AND SO GLAD I DID.WATCH OUT BMW HERE COMES LEXUS
1	It looks similar to the new 2013 altima.
2	I love the car but am disappointed at the omissions i mentioned for a car at this price point.
2	I love this car.
2	 When you only spend 5% of your time driving in anger, you want the other 95% to be served by quiet, comfortable compliance.
1	However you drive, the fierce front end of the F-Sport effectively combines class with intimidation.
1	Power is smo
2	Great car; would recommend it to anyone.
2	Almost 10k miles so far, and still love the car as much as the day I bought it.
1	not worth the money
2	Lexus is quality - no question about it.
2	If you get into the Lexus family - you'll find that it's easy to stay.
2	Love intelligent design - and quality that stands the test of time.
2	Really a gift to be able to drive this car!!!
2	My husband convinved me to purchase this car in May (I wanted another Benz).
2	I've had many cars over the course of my car buying years (I'm middle aged :) In my early years I owned a few American muscle cars.
2	In the last 15 years I've owned Mercedes (S50
2	Owned this car for 3 months,light years ahead of the previous model in style and quality.
1	A 5 star ride.
1	10
1	Don't listen to the fake reviews on here marking this car down.
1	Don't base your decision on my review.
1	Take each side of the story, head down to the dealership, and base your decision on someone you trust, yourself.
1	All you have to do is drive one.
1	Revie
1	I would pass on this toyota
2	Incredible car
1	Great car!
2	I love it so far.
2	Tough choice with A6 & 535 but definitely feel I made right choice.
2	Like the car more every time I drive it.
2	would buy another
1	If I want a great car I'd buy the new Cadillac, this car is just WRONG, the styling looks like something from the 80's.
1	I see why M-Benz and BMW are beating Lexus in sales numbers, this car is as exciting as cold mash potatoes  BORINGIf you don't reali
1	If I want a great car I'd buy the new Cadillac, this car is just WRONG, the styling looks like something from the 80's.
2	I see why M-Benz and BMW are beating Lexus in sales numbers, this car is as exciting as cold mash potatoes  BORINGIf you don't reali
1	Excellent car.
1	Best Lexus of all.
2	CAr is awesome, no regrets.
1	Get one!
1	I cannot believe they are not flying off the shelf.
2	The best vehicle that I have ever owned.
1	first class all the way
1	great car!
1	overall very impressed with the new GS.
2	Improved handling, more comfortable seats and an astonishing amount of cargo space.
2	my next trip is north for the holidays; I'm sure it will handle the snow without surprises.BTW I never give 10's when reviewing as
2	DRIVES LIKE A DREAM AND HANDLES LIKE NONE OTHER.
2	VERY VERY IMPRESSED!
2	HAVE THE MARK LEVINSON STEREO AND IT IS WORLD CLASS!!
1	Great car with new sport handling with all the great qualities of Lexus.
2	I love my new F sport
1	so-so
2	I give this vehicle high ratings for overall comfort and reliability.
1	A luxurious ride that makes a driver/passenger feel safe with the solidity of its exquisite engineering.
1	best Luxury Car
1	Love this vehicle - very classy!!
1	Great luxury and sports car!!!
1	Outclassed by many of it's less expensive luxury competitors.
1	Very good car.
2	Great car
1	wood, sound, drive, looks = Guality
1	This vehicle is almost perfect
1	great SUV
1	I DONT RECOMEND THIS CAR TO PEOPLE WHO LIKES GOOD THINGS.
2	Overall its a great handling car, great looking, and has the power I need with good gas mileage.
1	During this week I have averaged 28.5 MPG.
2	Really great car but some first year bugs that need to be ironed out.
1	Overall, I love the car, it's every bit a Lexus with a kick of sport.
2	I have the 350 AWD F-Sport and I feel like this car rides on rails but the suspense is not as harsh as a BMW or MB.
2	It's a real looker and I feel like it will last me awhile, but I'll
2	I really like the car.
1	I think it looks great and is fun to drive.
1	I can see why they say it is better then the BMW 335.
2	As I already stated, this is the best car and experience I've ever had.
1	I test drove the new BMW 3 Series and Mercedes C Class, but liked the Lexus much more.
2	No regrets on my purchase, and I highly recommend this vehicle to others.
1	Just be sure to get t
1	makes the drive in the inner city rush hour a whole lot easier to deal with
2	Overall, I would not recommend this car.
1	Instead, I would spend the extra money and go for the IS 350.
2	I tried to exchange the car after driving it for one week but the cost to get out of the lease was way too expensive.
2	Unfortunately, I rushed into gett
1	Not worth the money, far nicer cars out there for this money.
1	Excellent choice for drivers wanting a great handling car and a reputation for quality and reliability.
1	Just saw online
1	overall its reliable, fast, stylish and comfy but it a little to expsensive
2	the best car lexus ever built
2	Car is beautiful and an eye catcher, but a little less value then the price, for a fast car...
2	This car is an engineering marvel, technologically far ahead of a lot of their competition.
1	Its a bit pricey but hopefully the price lowers a bit so this great car can be driven by more consumers.
2	not very reliable.
1	Not good.
1	Not worth it.
1	Ok
1	Buy a String Ray!
1	The best car
1	it ight
1	this car is a patheitc attempt by lexus to make a super car
1	This is a performance car you buy for style and the quality.
1	Just don't get into any drag races with the new Skyline GTR.
1	Overall if you want luxury this is still the best value
2	i will give it 4 from 10
1	I couldnt decide btw LS vs 7 series.
2	I went and got a 7 series, feels right when you drive any german car.
2	I would have rated it all perfect if it the back seat can fit my kids, on two can sit fine, the middle does not fit any one and uncomfortable
2	After having owned five Lexus LS models over the past 16 years, I would say without hesitation that this one is my favorite.
1	The body style, interior comfort, technology enhancements and responsiveness leave little room for improvement.
1	pricey but nice.
1	Awesome vehicle.
2	This is my 3rd Lexus but my first LS.
2	It was my retirement gift to myself and I fell so fortunate, safe, empowered and comfortable behind the wheel of my LS.
1	Be carefull what dealer you buy from .
2	I lot of hidden cost with West Palm , florida dealer
2	My 4th LX in 15 yrs!
2	I can't say enough about this car.
2	The Audi A7 was wonderful too although the rear seat was tight and the interface, for me, was more difficult, although loved the wifi.
1	The Audi A8 was excellent as well, although to get a V8, the dealer only had long wh
2	I have owned 10 lexus ls400 series and this is the best by far.
1	You will like passing the disabled BMWs along side the road.
1	Plus this is the best dealer service anywhere.
2	Mercedes dealers are arrogant when you need service., plus it cost a fortune for s
1	The 2013 LS 460 with its new aggressive look gives Lexus a well needed idenity of there own.Quality,comfort,dependability,and style is what you get with this Lexus, if you are tried of getting stuck out on thehighway with electrical problems in your Euro
2	An amazing piece of engineering.
1	Great car...
1	Great car.
1	Great saftey features.
2	Feeling of coming out alive in any serious auto collison
1	Its beautiful car with a beautiful eco friendly engine.
1	If you get this car you won't regret it
1	Rugged as a tank, but super luxe, this is the perfect vehicle.
2	Thoughtfully designed and extremely comfortable.
1	Classic beauty without screaming  LOOK AT ME .
1	Airbag and safety features throughout.
1	When you slam the door, you know by the sound that it's
1	Best car /suv around!!
1	Excellent
1	Newer SUV's from mercedes or range rover may have a more updated chassis and power train, but this thing is proven and well executed.
2	It is a delight to drive and own.
2	I love driving this SUV and I enjoy knowing that a purchase of this magnitude is for a
2	I am glad I got this vehicle, Wish I can own two!
2	If I could I would have 2.
2	I would suggest this car to anyone in the market for a SUV.
2	Great car.
1	Good Car!
2	Love the quality.
1	nice suv
1	Nothing to write home about it.
2	Overall just right for a couple for trips and around town
1	Buy a Nissan
1	The Lexus reputation is what you are buying here.
1	Toyota corporation has spent billions building up the Lexus brand in the past 20 years and it's time to reap those rewards.
1	The car is a couple of steps above your Toyota/Honda/Nissan and slightly ahead o
2	I am so happy with this vehicle.
2	It drives like a dream.
1	Its extremely comfortable and safe.
2	Lexus has thought of everything to make your ride perfect!
1	Buy one, you will love it!
2	The ride is very smooth.
1	The styling is perfect to me.
1	I like the Enform system with the computer apps.
1	Great car for a small family!
2	Very happy with the Lexus.
2	Have always had great luck with the toyota/honda brands.
2	Felt the ride, fit and finish were better than the competitors.
1	Recommend to test this if you are in the market for a luxury SUV/Crossover.
1	If you want a sportier ride, l
2	A nice car that makes you want to drive it everyday...
1	would buy a ford explorer
1	Lexus quality and reliability.
2	Have never had any major or minor problems!
1	The 2013 RX 350 is a great car.
2	Owned the car for 6 months.
2	A great commuter car, but not for the family.
1	Does not offer a separate backseat temperature control.
2	I got the full upgrade with the Navi and wood trims.
2	A keeper for the next decade, but I did pay for it thru the nose.
1	My fi
1	Not worth the price.
2	Would (and have) highly recommend this vehicle.
1	If not overzealous with options, price is relatively reasonable vs competition.
1	Overall the product is declining every year.
1	Turn in our RX in this year and we are looking to switch to somthing beside a Lexus.
2	Great value compared to competition.
2	I test drove five other competing SUVs before I bought the RX350 and the comfort of the seats and smooth quiet ride tipped the scale for me.
2	The V6 with the 6 speed transmission is silky smooth and as an enthusiast with many BMWs in my past, I don't find
2	Great beautiful car except the AM Radio!
2	I have been driving the 2013 for about 6 months and I love it.
1	For a smaller SUV you have luxury, style, with a nice ride.
1	Unlike a lot of SUV's the RX also has reasonable gas mileage rating.
2	I have driven this in the winter and the all wheel drive model
1	great!
1	It's a 10
2	Will always own a Lexus.
1	Best Luxury car for the money.
1	We tested six SUVs in this size/price range and found a lot to like -- and some to dislike -- about each.
1	Nothing profound there.
1	Mercedes felt solid but was too small.
1	Cadillac had power but the cabin felt cheap and plastic-y.
1	Land Rover was great but d
1	I am only writing this because I just read so many reviews about how SMOOTH it is.
2	I have owned this car for 3 years and can tell you it is not that smooth.
1	It's not bad but definitely not a passenger car or like 2009 RX.
1	It definitely feels the bumps an
1	Excellent.
2	We just drive to be driving.
2	We love it.
2	The vehicle handles exceptionally well in snow and ice.
2	This car is perfect!!!
2	LEXUS got it all right!!!
1	Outstanding
2	Best car I have ever owned.
1	Put a moon roof on it and you will have a lot more buyers, me included
1	Good looking , but noises!High price for status symbol!
2	Wife loves the car, so that's all that counts.
2	It is a great car except price.
2	for Driving comfort and the feel of safety on the road the RX 350 is hard to beat.
1	Nice SUV but american quality is catching up Lexus.
2	I highly recommend this vehicel to anyone wanting a pure luxury hybrid that really saves fuel.
2	GREAT CAR
1	excellent suv gas mileage from 28-30 quality throughout!
2	Spouse and I really like the ride, fuel economy and overall workmanship of this vehicle.
2	excellent handling suv, very user friendly, a pleasure to drive.excellent quality suv.
1	This is the queen of luxury SUVs, if you like the styling and Lexus craftsmanship, you should test out this car if you are in the market for a luxury SUV
1	Excellent vehicle, extremely well appointed.
2	The fit and finish is outstanding.
1	I think this is a great car if you're in the market for a BIG hauler.
1	I know it isn't for everyone, but I also think it is way underrated, and in the large crossover segment of the market, for sheer fun to drive, as well as luxury and features is has bee
2	Except for some inital quality issues, I absolutely love this car.
2	Comfortable, super quiet, very smooth ride.
2	I look forward to driving it for many years.
2	Excellent car with great service.
2	Awesome ride, had it for 3 weeks, find places to go just so I can drive.
2	Still a +++ for me
2	rate 1 to 5, 1poor 5 excellent Exterior and interior fit and finish 5 Handling and suspension , brakes 5 Electrical,electronics,sound ,controls 5 Day to day short trips,Interstate trips ease of use 5 Driveway wash and dry ease 5 If you wish normal drive
2	Our MKT listed for close to $60,000 and we got a great deal.
2	The Ecco-Boost engine is world class, but have not yet checked gas mileage.
1	If you want refined comfort and safety, I would recommend the MKT.
1	You will enjoy a quite smooth ride in refined comf
2	A Super car, true luxury.
1	This car puts Lexus and others to shame, especially considering the really poor recent Lexus crash tests from the insurance institute.
2	for the price i paid hard to compare best in class.
2	highly recommend.
1	The unmistakable unique style, performance and interior comfort make it an all around winner in this segment
1	Not worth the price ..
1	luv the car x milage
1	THE TOP OF THE LIST!
2	Love the Sync, much improved over earlier versions.
2	Read professional reviewers comments, they must not have spent much time with the vehicle as those reviews did not reflect my experiences at all.
2	Was very impressed by Lincoln, more people need to test
2	This crossover is a gem, and doesn't get the respect from the auto reviewers that it deserves.
2	You would be hard-pressed to find a better luxury crossover anywhere right now, and we have tried them all.
1	We were going to get the Mercedes E-Class sedan, bu
1	Drove similar cars and absolutely fell in love with the MKT.
1	I would recommend one to anyone.
1	Outstanding.
1	Quiet comfortable.
2	Heavy vehicle, which enhances solid feel.
2	Feels like a rocket with the Eco boost.
2	Great lovely car, with so much available amenities, and wonderful family hauler.
2	Excellent car all through out.
1	great car
1	I don't work for Ford or am I in the car business.
1	I do own (not lease) a number of new cars and typical buy a new car or two every year.
2	While I can get bored easily, the MKS is a keeper for the reasons that I mentioned above.
1	Hopefully the high rating
1	Best car ever!
2	I previously owned a 2010 MKS Eco boost and I absolutely loved that car.
2	I upgraded to the 2013 MKS Eco boost and it is a totally different car.
2	I've only owned it for about a week and I am already impressed with it, and for the naysayers out there that
1	everyone has a cadilac,this is a lincoln baby
2	Best car ive ever owen.
1	i <3
2	great car
2	My MKS is by far superior to all other vehicles I have ever owned, including my previous 09 MKS, other Lincoln models, and other brands.
1	Lincoln really did their homework on this new MKS.
1	BEST CAR EVER.
2	10 out of 10.
1	The car rivals all of the luxury vehicles I've seen and tested.
1	In value for money, it stands apart.
2	I get consistent comments about how different the car is from what people who see it had thought.
1	It's sporty when you want it to be, has an amazing ride
1	It l ooks good.
1	It's comfortable.
2	It has extra ordinary bells and whistles.
2	I don't even like the dealer I deal with, but for this car, I'll put up it.
1	the best for the price
1	STRICTLY CLASS,,,,,, COMFORT,,,,,,,, AND THE ROAD IS YOURS,A SMILE
1	Excellent car for the price!
1	I don't pay any attention to what Consumer Reports says about cars.
1	They're very biased in favor of certain Asian makes even when they're not the best.
1	This car is a true luxury car and is very safe.
1	Everyone should give this new Lincoln a try lots of standard equipment for the money .American luxury is back.
2	Completely satisfied.
1	I've given it all tens.
2	WILL BY AGAIN - THIS IS MY 3RD LINCOLN
2	You will be missing out if you don't add this vehicle to your list to try.
1	love the car really sporty
2	Very happy that I purchased .Fun to drive home, from a hard days work!
1	4
1	ugly
1	I absolutely love the MKS after driving Cadillacs for 25 years.
2	It is responsive, quiet and comfortable.Who would have ever thought a V-6 could generate so much power from a   little 3.5 liter engine.
2	The car is quiet ,rides well and put together well with a lot of features for the price.
2	Before you criticize the car for foreign models take it for a test drive.
1	It will be hard to find a better car for price.
1	Many people are saying they like the car.
1	L
1	Lincoln(Ford) are making excellent cars.
1	I am so surprised that their ratings by a so-called experts are not higher.
2	I find this car to be fun to drive.
1	It handles as though it is on a rail, there is literally no body roll when cornering, it stops sure and straight.
1	It is comfortable and has incredible curb appeal.
1	It is fairly fuel efficient and still allows you the s
2	Very Good 9.5
2	Great car for a reasonable price for all the options you get.
2	i have premium, and elite package that gives you everything
2	STYLE,COMFORT,POWER,
1	no problems
2	I think the Lincoln MKS is the best car I have ever owned.
2	I would recommend it.
2	Fantastic Vehicle..
2	Great car, keep up the good work!!!
1	Test drive other cars.
1	My last rental was an Impala LTZ, Ironically i liked it better.
2	Had problems with the vent system since I bought the car.
2	A/C, Defrost would periodically vent out on your feet only.
2	Very much a problem on a hot day or a day when it was raining and you needed a defroster.
1	The car is back for the third time in a year f
2	what an amazing vehicle..
1	Would recommend
1	Top notch,test drove the RX,MDX and Grand Cherokee.Nothing compared!
2	Great car from a great company they care about consumers
2	Good purchase
1	Many of the problems were created by Ford/Lincoln with the Touch system.
1	It had way to many bugs in it when they released it and did not have a good patch.
1	Great American car.
2	Hazardous navigation system.
2	Very disappointed.
2	The MKX is the way to go.
1	It has everything you need for a great driving vehicle.
2	The FWD gas milage is better than we thought (just under 25 mpg for city driving).
1	The MKX has plenty of power under the hood.
2	The Lincoln my touch works just fine.
1	Review
1	Fantastic SUV.
1	LIncoln has outdone itself.
2	In order to take advantage of everything the car can do, be prepared to read and refer to the owners manual for a while.
1	The salesman did a good job of going over all of the options, but it's a lot to remember.
2	As I drive it, I occasionally need to look
2	 Would be an almost perfect vehicle except for the frustrating My Lincoln Touch issues.
2	Excellent Vehicle, I have no complaints
1	Love this vehicle !!!
1	all the comforts that a vehicle should have beutiful interior gorguos leather seat's and trim exquisitly done with perfection
2	Rides great, good power and decent gas mileage.
1	More features come standard with this vehicle than most.
2	I made a very poor choice when I bought this car.
2	We are very pleased that we purchased this car after spending a lot of time looking at the comparable vehicles from other mfgs.
2	I went back to the dealer I bought the car from and was told there was nothing they could do.I notified the company but the company totally ignored my complaint.
2	I am not sure I will buy another Lincoln again.
2	I would recommend this car for anyone looking to buy a cross over.
1	Test drove Buick enclave and the Cadillac crossover and this car beat both cars.
2	i lease my vehilces and would recommed the lincoln to one and all.
1	i am seing a lot of them out on the roads these days.
1	What a vehicle class class class!!!
2	that sum's up what a vehicle this is
2	Very satisfied with overall purchase.
1	Overall the lincoln mkx is a true American luxury car that looks more expensive then it is.
1	Highly recommend the mkx to anyone looking for a true luxury car with out the luxury price.
1	excellent
2	Very classy appearance and a smoother ride than the Murano I owned prior to purchasing this vehicle.
2	The SYNC system has a big problem with Siri on the iPhone.
1	When I use Siri the whole Sync system has to reboot.
1	I hope they fix that issue soon.
1	Other th
2	would highly recommed this vehicle
2	I LOVE IT
1	Excellent SUV.
1	probably the best on the market today.
1	Again, it is a Lincoln.
1	It is an American company.
1	great car
1	I've owned every hybrid, Prius, Camry, Optima.
1	I have test driven every hybrid including the new Lexus ES and MKZ wins hand down for comfort, ride, styling and MPG.
1	The MPG is spot on.
1	I'm averaging 42 combined.
1	There is no hesitation when in EV mode at
1	Last ditched attempt at a failing car company.
1	Lincoln Mercury .
1	Truly your fathers luxury vehicle
1	Beautiful car from design to execution.
1	The paint is a mile deep (Ingot Silver) and the leather on the seats is buttery soft.
1	The handling is excellent, and the power from the 2.0 Ecoboast is more than enough for any situation.
2	The standard 11 speaker ra
2	I have sold Lincoln's for 21 years and owned a 2001 before I leased my 2013 MKZ.
2	This car is by far the BEST in Quality I have seen come from Lincoln.
2	The 2011 was a GREAT car and rated best in dependability and I think this car is head and shoulders abo
2	This car is drawing attentiona great indicator for future of the brand!
2	I have had all ages complement style of the new MKZ from the High School kids to heir Grand Parents.
2	She loves it but she traded in a 2011 Lincoln MKZ that she loved.
1	2013 MKZ is something Lincoln can really be proud of.
1	The overall concept of the design from head to toe was risky but, well worth the return.
1	Starting with the powertrain, V6 pumping out 300 horses felt strong and agile.
2	Suspension and Steering was capa
2	An amazing vehicle for a reasonable cost.
1	If you test drive the MKZ after test driving other hybrids, I think you'll agree.
2	This is an extremely unique vehicle made by a car company willing to raise the bar.
1	Most review comparisons that include the Lexus 350, Mercedes Benz 300+, Avalon, Audi 6, BMW 5 series and especailly the 2015 Cadillac CTS don't include this car.
1	The revi
1	Ford deserves a lot of credit for bringing this car to market and then refining it and pricing it to be competitive.
1	I hope that the significant improvements to the Lincoln brand can resurrect it just as Buick has done.
2	Owing to the favorable pricing, th
2	Overall I am extremely happy with my Lincoln MKZ.
2	I recommend to anyone considering a luxury sporty sedan.
1	It is much nicer than the BMW, CTS, Audi or Infinity.
2	If you test drive it you will purchase the MKZ.
1	I almost purchased the CTS but the MKZ was mo
1	The low profile 19's with the painted pocket rims in the Ice Storm blue color is a head turner.
1	Everyone thinks the car costs 15-20 grand more than it did.
2	Very pleased with everything about the car.
2	it's a great auto i am happy i bought this mkz
2	Overall: The best car I have ever owned.
1	In my opinion the best hybrid on the market.
2	Roomier, faster, and with better gas mileage than any other luxury hybrid on the market.
1	Hybridcars website give it the best environmental impacxt on the environment.
1	T
2	The hybrid Lincoln MKZ is fun to drive, has good pick up speed and my current gas mileage is 34.1 mpg.
2	It has nearly 5,000 miles on it since we purchased it new in August 2012.
1	I still need to register it to online to get an automated assessment of its p
2	Would recommend to anyone wanting comfort, style, and safety as well as the desire to save money with greatfuel economy!I LOVE this car!
2	An outstanding vehicle, and environmentally friendly.
1	And VERY driver friendly.
2	I'd buy this car again without hesitation.
1	It's criminal that there aren't more cars out there like this.
2	I paid zero premium between the Hybrid version and the gas version of the MKZ.
1	Cannot figure why anybody would choose to have the exact same car at the same price for less gas mileage.
1	The MK
1	Why isn't everybody driving a Lincoln forcing the price down for all of us.
1	It is not the Lincoln Town Car, it is smaller and has less enterior room.
2	It is more stylish that the Town Car, has an excellent turning radius, very responsive and offers a quiet and fun driving experience.
2	I Love it.
1	Great car!
2	One of the best cars I have ever owned (14 so far)
2	Best car we've ever owned.
2	When we replace our other car, it will be with another Lincoln Hybrid.
2	Great warrenty too!
2	I've had the car now 4 months and pretty much like everything about it other than the trunk size.
1	It does take some time to learn how to efficiently drive and get the most out of your mileage.
2	I'm still increasing my mpg's but it's doing better than adve
2	Would do it again.
1	No price hike for hybrid key to original purchase.
2	I'm quite happy we chose the American made luxury hybrid.
2	The price diffrence probably won't be recovered in gas mileage over the gas model but we feel better about doing our small part in reducing emissions and being more efficient.
1	My American made car: awesome !!
1	This car is definitely worth putting your review list!
2	Outstanding drive, technology, design and overall performance.
1	Price for the standard features is unmatched across the luxury market; comparing like vehicles.
2	Price of upkeep and maintainance is very reasonable in luxury line, as well.
1	I've wanted a Lincoln for some time.
2	I found this one, and finally decided to get one.
2	It is doing what I want it to do...*s*
1	Excellent
2	a excellent choice
2	I wanted it for longer road trips.
2	the 40 plus mpg and smooth ride have made mytwo 4000 miles to the east worth the purchase.
2	With a fillup indicating 750 miles to empty, it's great to just avoid going to the gas station.
1	Overall love the Lincoln MKZ Hybrid.
1	A few tweaks could be done with regard to storage compartments, gas mileage, etc.
1	; however I have a 2012 and perhaps all those matters were addressed for 2013.
1	Previously owned a 2011 Fusion (which I loved) but wanted
1	What ever the MPG on car in show room with few miles is likely the mpg it will agerage.
2	Over all not bad car hard to see to side and rear but getting used to using the mirrows and backup camera warning sinsor are a nusance.
1	Maybe replace it with the new
1	Overall, we not gone buy lincoln MKZ until lincoln designers find a full electric engine 3.2 or greater for this carwe will keep the car for maximum of 15 years and during this period company will have lincoln dealership services and I have no idea you d
1	It is a great all around car for comfort and economy!
2	Best large SUV !
2	Very luxurious, large, and also dependable on the road.
2	this the best car in the world.
2	My experience owning these vehicles has been very rewarding.
2	I would say the styling, V-8 power, comfort, safety features, along with reliability of the TC (probably driven 500,000) miles----has been beyound my expectations.
1	I will truly miss the Towncar
2	I would gladly recommend this vehicle to other drivers.
1	Luxury, quality and looks are great.
2	I love my Lincoln Town Car and this is number four.
2	At 6'6', I have much room.
2	But I have made some changes.
2	I took the regular air filter out and put in a K&N permanent air filter.
2	I also use premium gas because I get much better performance.
1	Now at 65m
2	My experience owning these vehicles has been very rewarding.
2	I would say the styling, V-8 power, comfort, safety features, along with reliability of the TC (probably driven 500,000) miles----has been beyound my expectations.
1	I will truly miss the Towncar
2	I would gladly recommend this vehicle to other drivers.
1	Luxury, quality and looks are great.
2	I love my Lincoln Town Car and this is number four.
2	At 6'6', I have much room.
2	But I have made some changes.
2	I took the regular air filter out and put in a K&N permanent air filter.
1	I also use premium gas because I get much better performance.
1	Now at 65m
1	Yes I want one for a daily driver
2	With my 5 year old in the back seat, I have a renewed enthusiasm for family outings.
2	I bought the car a bit hastily after I fell in love with it, and I have no regrets.
1	I recently had a chance to drive a Porsche 911, which, although it had more power, fe
2	I am still in awe of this machine.
2	Power and telepathic handling.
1	Very forgiving suspension and great stability.
2	Always makes me smile and my hands sweat a little ;-) Fast and fun.
2	Turns heads.
1	Rare.
1	AWESOME.
1	For the price (93,000) you can't beat it.
1	Experts are comparing this to cars well over twice the price.
1	I don't know who wrote the other review, but almost sure he does not own a Lotus.
1	Not sure why he wasted his time even putting up a review
1	Your thinking mactehs mine - great minds think alike!
1	THIS IS THE MOST FUN I EVER HAD WITH A CAR
1	awesome
2	get it
1	Should have
1	lkvhadfiupvnaeiuofvhnslxckdjniaodfu bioeaurghfljvksdncpiaugdfpvjakdnca
1	10/10
1	lkvhadfiupvnaeiuofvhnslxckdjniaodfu bioeaurghfljvksdncpiaugdfpvjakdnca
2	Between my 2011 Bentley and my Maserati I always prefer to drive my Maserati 100% recommend
2	Love it would buy it again.
1	WOW!
1	Love it!
1	if you want a cheap investment by it !
1	The price is rt!!!
1	luxury
1	Would recommend if price was more reasonable and build quality is improved
1	Overall this is a great car it has a great interior and it also has a great look and awesome finish.
1	terrible horrible car glad they are out of business
1	peng
1	HORRIBLE
1	far too many people find it affordable
1	meh
2	Don't recommend it.
1	Find away to lower the price and change BMW looks and it will be a spot on car that every one will be lineing up to buy .
2	Awful
2	BEST ever will buy again
2	The best car ever, it's often mistaken for a limo.
1	My driver says it is the best car he ever drove.
1	Want a great awd suv that looks, great, is powerful and gives you 30+ miles per gallon?
1	Look no further... My sister is buying one this weekend.
2	After driving with me to Maine, she fell in love with it.
1	HIGHLY RECOMMEND
1	A Rav4 does not come close to this car!
2	Spend the extra and get the Grand Touring-it is well worth it!
1	The CX-5 with the 2.5 really does drive like a sports car.
2	It handles almost as well as my Miata did.
1	2013 CX-5 will be less expensive but getting the 2.5 2014 is well worth the extra cost.
1	I don't believe anything else changed between the 2013 and 2014 SUVs.
2	great car for the money, a really good value
1	This is hands down the most affordable and fuel-efficcient SUV/Crossover that is available on the market.
2	Not only that, it's a Top Safety Pick, and is loaded with ALL KINDS of options.
1	Mazda is one of the top manufacturers in the biz today.
1	35mpg, Bose
1	Please Remove Me
1	
1	Never have been a big fan of Mazda but like this car!
1	In looking at this class of car, I was interested in the fuel economy, the capability of the engine and the zoom-zoom factor that one expects from Mazda.
1	I am not disappointed.
1	This grand touring model with all its features was materially less expensive
2	Bought new for a great deal, drives like a car, room of a mid-size SUV inside, looks great, true 32 mpg freeway with automatic.
1	Better than the Honda CRV, better than the Toyota RAV4, in every aspect.
2	For something you can drive off the lot under 20K, yo
2	If looking for a great crossover SUV, this one is it in my book.
2	I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CAR!!!!
2	If you don't mind the slower acceleration and want the better mileage stick with the 2013.
1	The 2014 is the same car with minor upgrades.
1	wallace in new mexico.
1	I became interested in the CX5 after extensive internet surfing, reading reviews and ultimately traveling over 150 miles to test drive one.
1	I drove a 2014 CX5 Touring front wheel drive model at a dealership in Albuquerque, N.M.
1	I t
2	We wanted a vehicle with lots of room and good gas economy.
2	This was a wonderful choice.
2	Never have been a big fan of SUV's but this one turned me.
2	A great little SUV for the couple on the go or the small family.
1	Lots of bells and whistles, nothing outstanding.
2	We just bought this SUV a couple of weeks ago and so far it's been absolutely wonderful.
1	We looked at many compact suvs and the cx5 seemed to be the best option.
1	Ford escape - too expensive, rav 4 - ugly exterior, Honda CRV - poor driving experience, Vol
2	not so pleased with this vehicle.
2	...I should have kept my Prius.
1	Great SUV
2	my fiance' fights with me over who's car this is, I love the pushbutton start, and keyless entry, we got the sport AWD version, and so far are satified with it's performance on-road, and in severe winter conditions.
2	we purchased in sept of 2012. Review I
1	I think driving should be fun, but I need a practical vehicle that can hold some cargo.
1	The Mazda CX-5 fills the bill for the most part, except it could use at least 20 more hp,
1	Nice looking SUV with good gas mileage, but they should improve the back seat access by moving back the wheel wells to allow adults to get in and out better.
2	If you only have kids back there you should be okay though.
1	Mazda seems to be cutting back on th
2	I am very pleased over all a   pretty vehicle, very sporty looking
1	Great driving car with the best looks in any SUV I have seen.
2	Looks good just standing still and drives like a dream.
2	I am 70 years old and this is the best SUV (or car) I have owned!
2	You can't help but love to drive it.
1	Perfect for what we need.
2	Not too big, not too small and totally fun to drive.
1	With the new 2.5 liter engine this vehicle feels alive, agile and downright sporty.
2	The supension, brakes and steering are fantastic.
1	The interior is capacious and well suited for families.
1	If you care about driving at all, this is the only vehicle you'l
1	The car has issues behind.
1	If Mazda can solve it, it is OK because bugs/flaws are reasonable for a first year model.
1	But if Mazda could not solve it or does not have the right attitude to solve issues, it becomes a real problem.
2	great car, test drive it and you will be sold
2	I own another Mazda that I have had for over twenty years without any major repairs.
1	They do make fun, reliable cars.
2	I actually purchased the vehicle in March of 2012, but that choice wasn't available for this review.
2	Good overall.
1	I like the fact that you don't see a lot of these on the road.
1	Glad I waited for 2014 2.5 engine,.
1	Big upgrade over the CRV this year.
1	A very impressive small SUV
1	Great value and very stylish!
1	great gas mileage.
1	This jury is on the same page, excellent product for the money.
1	Will it be okay in the western snow?
2	That has yet to be seen, but if it's that bad, I stay home, or take out the ole 1999 F-250 7.3.
1	I'm a normal guy, that likes normal things, this fits the
1	I highly recommend this small CUV.
2	My daughter likes mine so much, she bought one for herself.
1	A good ride.
1	I have been averaging just under 30 mph in mixed driving.
1	Attractive exterior design, very good grip and steering.
1	Great MPG.
2	I find the driver seat uncomfortable- for a short person like me.
2	My husband says my 2008 Mazda 3 driver seat is uncomfortable.
2	I used to be a Honda person but since I bought my 2008 Maz
1	An outstanding new addition to the SUV market.
2	I really enjoy my 2014 Mazda CX5.
1	The SUV handles very well.
1	It drives like a race car making sharp turns easy and effortless.
1	The SUV can accelerate pretty well and it is responsive to my maneuvers.
2	I like the blind spot monitor, the tire gauge monitor
1	Going to get my 2014 sky blue in two weeks time, can't wait.
1	Quieter and better handling than others I drove.
2	Very happy!
1	The perfect match for economy and power.
2	Traded in a '11 Ford Escape Limited AWD for the '14 Mazda CX-5 GT in Sep, 2013 so this is after 4 mo of use.
2	Overall, a good vehicle.
1	Pickup is good, comparable to the V6in the Escape.
1	Mileage is better, though not as good as some on here indicate.
1	In to
2	Happy with vehicle overall.
1	Disappointed with gas mileage.
2	It's the most impressed I've been with a new car in 12 years of buying them.
1	By far the most fun to drive and best looking CUV in its class (test drove 8 others).
2	The GT trim is well worth it and comfortable if you enjoy a sporty drive (stiff springs).
1	Unlike some of its competitors, the advertised highway mileage is achievable a
1	DRIVE IT AND YOU WILL BUY IT
2	I ordered it a couple of days after test driving, It's definitely the vehicle I want to be in for the next few years and the most fun SUV I've ever driven.
1	10+
2	I would buy another one if I had to or recommend it to another potential buyer
2	Shortly after we purchased our CX-5, I shared our positive experience with a colleague who was looking at comparable vehicles.
1	They too had not initially considered the CX-5, but once they did, they were sold.
1	It too has become their vehicle of choice.
1	O
1	Close to a perfect small SUV.
2	Suspension is the weakest part of an overall excellent automobile.
1	Interior, technology and quality are all outstanding.
2	Outside of an MGB driven eons ago, this is my first  foreigncar and must say I am delighted with Japanese technology and styling.
2	Recommend the tech package highly.
1	The bells and whistles on this vehicle are superb and you won't be disappointed.
1	Warran
2	Would Recommend and Purchase this car Again.
1	Fun to drive
2	Excellent all weather vehicle, fun to drive, economical on gas
1	Buy one, you won't be sorry!
1	This car is definitely worth the money!
2	I am obsessed with it!!!!
2	This car is definitely worth the money!
1	I am obsessed with it!!!!
2	So far we made the right choice but this coming winter will tell the whole story living in Wisconsin's snow country.
1	My search for the right vehicle was long.
1	I have a 16 year old that is 6'3and 250
2	I look forward to going places in my terrific little car.
1	It's little but has tons of   zoom-zoom.
2	And yes, I bought the license plate frame!
2	great car,better than the honda crv , I had
1	If you want a 5-passenger SUV that offers great looks, playful driving manners, impressive technology and good value, the 2014 Mazda CX-5 deserves a test-drive.
1	That it boasts class-leading fuel economy of up to 35 mpg feels like icing on an already tast
1	Great car, great on gas, more fun to drive than any other SUV I have ever driven.
2	If you care about a car being fun this is the best SUV on the market.
2	Overall I do love this suv, but starting to think something is wrong with the one I bought.
2	Buy this crossover.!!!
1	If your going for the GT pay the extra for the tech package.
2	Our favorite vehicle in the past 20 years!
2	Highly recommend.
2	You get your monies worth and then some.
1	I love it!
2	I have recommended the CX5 to my friend and family
1	If you are looking for a small to mid-size CUV then this is the vehicle for you.
2	MPG is exceptional, with the 2.5 engine my CX-5 averages 30 city and 36 hway.
1	I am buying this car.
2	Overall, very pleased with this purchase.
2	We own our cars for a long time, so researched carefully and believe this one will still be there ten years out.
2	This is my first crossover and I love it.
1	I would highly recommend this Mazda vehicle.
2	buy one
2	Great car for the money!
2	Will definitely be buying another Mazda when I need another car.
1	They are so fun to drive!
2	Still love the car after 3 months , have no problem so far with 3000 miles ,can't wait to drive on long trips and the price is great ,it's on clearance now so take advantage of it while you can .
2	owned less then 30 days taken one trip of 1,000 miles loved it nice ride and low road noise
1	Excellent vehicle for the cost concious.
1	Worthy of a test drive first before you comparison shop.
1	overall typical great Mazda quality
2	Great vehicle... Got it at end of year deal for around 30,700 (before TTL, etc) (2012)Can't beat that for a grand touring package with bose option upgrade + moonroofGreat gas mileage as compared with other vehicles of this sizeabout 19-20 MPG on mixed 50
2	awsome vehicle
1	Great design and have no maintenance issues ever!
1	Final assessment: we did a lot of research between this vehicle and the GMC and Chevy equivalents and based our purchase on the reviews that consumer reports gave this car.
2	Would not say I am unhappy with the car or regret buying it.
1	Still, for the amoun
2	Love the proximity sensor.
2	Its Nice to approach the CX-9, press door button enter and start, without removing keys from pocket.
2	Also enjoy feature, to key press 2x and hold, and have the front windows and sunroof open to get rid of that hot blast of air.
2	I would buy another one if the 4 items I mentioned are addressed (changed/added).
1	I was wondering why Mazda doesn't ask its owners for feedback on how they like the vehicle.
1	The ideas can be incorporated into next year's design.
2	Gas milage is good for its size, I rate it a 10 all around.
2	This is my second CX9.
1	First one was a 2008 which was bullet proof.
1	This one is even better.
2	Very pleased have had it about a month.
1	CX9 Grand Touring with Tech package (gps etc) Oh and the TomTom Gps hd radio bluetooth is excellent.
1	come on down
2	We are extremely happy with our purchase.
1	Go ahead buy one )))
1	Fantastic.
2	Every time I see one of its competitors on the road, I shake my head and wonder why the driver didn't buy a Mazda.
2	Overall I would rate my Mazda CX9 a ten
1	the best overall value in this minuscule category of almost a real car
2	it a good little car
1	Most fun small car that should last and is cheap to buy and run.
1	Mazda attitude about fixing this car is the worst.
2	They won't give me a ride home if I leave the car with them because I live more than 10 miles from their dealership.
1	The will not lend me a loaner car to use while they have my car.
1	They tell me I have t
2	Mazda attitude about fixing this car is the worst.
1	They won't give me a ride home if I leave the car with them because I live more than 10 miles from their dealership.
1	The will not lend me a loaner car to use while they have my car.
2	They tell me I have t
2	Love the Sprited green, really turns heads.
2	My wife drives this car more than her Infiniti EX35.
1	I wish it had a sunroof and leathers seats.
2	I would highly recommend this car to anyone looking for an inexpensive commuter that can double for traveling reasonable distances on vacation and carry plenty of stuff for shopping ... good stereo, good lights, cruise control, alloys ... just needs more
2	Of all the vehicles that I test drove, I would buy this one again.
1	This is a fun, sporty car.
1	It is great on gas and is fun to drive.
2	I recommend this for people that are economical and   hip  !
2	cheap, cheap, cheap.
1	I am used to driving luxury cars.
1	The Mazda 3 G.T.S.
1	compares favorably to any of them and at a dramattcally lower price.
2	I will never buy a Mazda ever again.
2	I do not recommend buying Mazda's.
1	I did a lot of research online in regards to price (including the competition), and I found out quickly that Mazda's don't carry a lot of mark-ups and rebates!
1	I went and priced the competition and realized that I felt bad for the people that bought cars
2	A lot of car for the money!
2	Having owned this car for about 3 months now and 3500 miles, I could not be happier with it.
1	I feel that Mazda has but its best foot forward on this car.
1	I did not drive the Mazda 3 with the less horsepower, so I can only say that the 184 hp is more than
1	great car for the price
1	Great value as I compared other cars in the segment.
2	I purchased the i Grand Touring sedan.
2	Very happy with all the features.
2	Great seats, excellent entertainment and navigation system..
2	Very accurate voice control system.
2	Definitely have and will recomm
2	This is the best quality car for my need and ride.The highest torque is at a low engine rotation compared to other competitors of this C class car.Those who are looking for C class cars should at least look at and feel it and test drive.Mazda is not like
2	Great handling car , back seat & wind noise were my main problem,salesman were awesome & not pushy
2	2014 Mazda3 is best summed up as a game changer.
1	It has come back and it is on a mission.
1	From the smiling grill to the new design language of the Mazda brand has definitely turned the 3 into a smooth and attractive option.
1	A fully loaded 3 probably may
1	Excellent Car
1	3 thumbs up
1	great family car...great room in the back seat...economical price for the quality and beauty!!!
2	Over all for the size and what we use it for it fills the bill and more.
2	Overall, I enjoy driving it eventhough it's not that great driving on long trips.
2	You need to go to rest stops every 2.5 hours just to stretch your legs.
2	Mileage is better than expexted, I'm happy about that.
1	Displays are clearly marked and simple, not l
2	GREAT ALL AROUND CAR.
2	I traded in a recent Forester Subaru, again, very sensible, and plain, yet, the M5 is extremely fun and a great value for the dollar.
1	One web site review satated this is the most outrageously fun vehicle to drive.
2	Mazda 5 has so many user-friendly features, overlooked by many, but build in as part of the overall concept of versatility and exceptional value.
1	There are not many ways to shape a mini-van  box , but I feel the M5 is stylish, aerodynamic, and I like it.
1	The Mazda6 is an awesome attractively priced mid-sized car for people who like to drive.
1	Styling is jag-like, interior is almost Germanic in functionality, and the new Skyactiv engine and drivetrain has been delivering 28 mpg in the city consistently.
1	I
2	Anyone who is in the market for a new sedan with a quality feel, great looks, class leading fuel economy and sporty handling should drive this car.
1	2014 Mazda 6 really stands out amongst its peers.
1	With new designs of the Fusion, Altima, and Accord the Mazda had to bring something out to attract car buyers.
1	Exterior and interior on the 6 is definitely sharp and it will get your neighbors attention.
2	In my one week of ownership over all I am pleased with the car intended functions....Its fun to drive and it makes my driveway look sexier than ever before...I thoroughly checked out all the competition (Nissan, Honda, Toyota) and this car was the only c
2	Perfect balance of sport and family hauler.
1	Loads of tech available if you want it, plenty of standard features for the more value minded.
1	And 38mpg!
1	Mazda has a winner with this one.
1	From a single test drive, this has jumped almost to the top of my short list of cars to potentially replace my 13 year old Acura TL.
1	After test-driving the competition from Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Ford and Kia, this is hands down the best midsize sedan on the market right now.
2	I come from driving Toyotas all my life but have become a Mazda believer.
2	I test drove many cars before deciding to purchase this vehicle.
1	MPG, great styling, comfort features and fun to drive, all at a reasonable cost, were the priority features I was searching for.
2	Overall, this is a great car for the money.
1	I obsess.
1	A lot.
1	My initial short list was Civic, Accord, Mazda3 and 6, and the CX-5.
1	I dropped Civic and 3 w/out even looking, thinking why go small when small family is growing?
1	So we're down to three cars.
1	Dropped Accord because, well, they're somewha
1	I REALLY wanted to love this car.
1	I wanted to get one as soon as I saw the new design.
1	I knew I'd have to give up a V6 but must say the 4 cyl took off quite well.
1	Drive was great but really felt claustrophobic in the thing.
2	This I wouldn't be my first se
2	Moving up from a 2010 Mazda6 GT Plus this vehicle is better equipped.
2	With a little over 300 miles I have averaged nearly 30 MPG with mixed driving.
2	I'm still rolling on the new car tank of gas.
2	The ride is much more quiet than my 2010.
2	I have the Dunlap
2	Near perfection for someone desiring a fun to drive, safe, roomy and fuel efficient mid-size sedan.
2	Would I buy another?
1	Darn right especially with a diesel!!!
2	I've owned this car for six months now, and already have 10,000 miles on it.
1	It's just about perfect for a family sedan.
1	You name it, we test drove it - the combination of exterior and interior styling, size, handling and feature content are hard to beat
1	IIHS top safetypick, zoom-zoom, great mpg, great looks...I guess it is the full package.
1	I really think it is an excellent value for the $$
1	I fell in love with this car off of the looks alone, I never test drove I only sat in the car at a local dealer.
2	I purchased the vehicle through TRUE CAR, best choice I could have made I saved over $2500 of MSRP.
1	I had the car delivered to me being the b
2	Car and Driver name it the best car in its class over the Honda Accord EX and from my experince I agree.
1	Do a google.
1	Enough said.
2	Great car- you get a lot for your money.
1	Lots of technology options for your money and overall a great looking car- that looks, drives and feels like a much more expensive unit.
1	Would highly recommend it is sporty and a great price in comparison to other cars in this class.
2	Love all the features.
1	Easily in the top tier of all current mid sized vehicles.
2	This is a great car, it's fun to drive.
1	The only cars that I drove and liked more were the Hyundai Sonata and Honda Accord.
1	One of the best new cars on the market.
2	I use to buy Mazda's all the time in the 80 and 90 but left when Mazda teamed up with ford but I am back now...
1	Every detail in the car , starting from the Engine , I-loop technology and the sensors to the styling inside and out is very well thought of , and you could easily feel that.
2	I would any day prefer a car which is comfortable to drive ,with all the featur
1	Great car.
2	Should cost over $10,000 more, but do not tell Mazda.
1	Excellent car.
2	So good I cannot believe I do not see more on the rode.
2	This is the best car I've ever had, and I've had two BMWs.
2	i've had it for a month and driven it 1150 miles, on both highways and NYC streets.
1	It handles both surfaces equally well.
2	I have the GT in Soul Red, so it looks great and is fully loaded.
1	Everyt
1	Was getting 32 mpg on the highway and now we're getting 32 mpg with the K&N in town.
2	Compared to Camry, Accord, Altima (all of which I have driven) this is a driver's car that is tight and fun to drive unlike the others.
1	Handling is crisp and tight.
1	Steering has a bit more assist than needed compared to previous Mazda 6 models, but still
2	We still love this car.
2	A lot of people come up to us and ask question on the car.
2	I also love the gas mileages that I get.
1	it's wonderful A lot of people love the color and style .
1	love it, love it , love it
1	I was in the market for a family car.
1	Must have driven the dealers mad in my community.
1	It came down to this and Honda Accord.
1	I am sad to say I went with Honda as this is definitely better looking, but the Cons became the deal breaker.
1	Don't get me wron
2	This is an exceptional car.
1	I am in the market for a car and this definitely is in top 3.
1	Understated luxury that is classy.
2	Just with a few tweaks and it is a no brainer.
2	The 2014 Mazda 6 is the working man's Exotic Sports Sedan!
1	Its voluptuous curves, cavernous interior, and above grade fit and finish, lets it stand out in a crowded field of Full Size Sedans.
1	The competition from the Ford Fusion, Honda Accord, Toyota Cam
1	Highly recommended.
1	It rides better than the accord/altima with junky CVT.
2	Automatic Trans, works very well.
1	One of my top 5 picks to buy
2	Mazda is has created a vehicle that provides best in market value along with a vehicle that is fun to drive.
1	Excellent car for the money good quality feels solid.
2	Excellent car.
1	Did i say the gas mileage is awesome?
2	I am 100% satisfied.
2	Very Simply Amazing, getting 32.5 mpg mostly around town, wish it had a tad more zoom, but understand that's a trade off for the 32.5 mpg
2	Love the car!
1	Anybody looking for a Mid-sized car would be making a big mistake by not looking at this car.
1	It is simply far and away above the Camry, Accord, Sonata, Optima, Altima and Fusion.
2	I chose the Mazda 6 over the Nissan Altima and Subaru Legacy because it had and style and the features I liked best.
1	It's a great car and I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new car.
1	An excellent looking and fun to drive sedan.
1	Mazda's redesign of the 6 is simply stunning, and the value delivered both in fuel economy and in safety features is really compelling.
1	My reommendation is to test drive it.
1	Once you do you will end up buying it.
2	The only fault I can find in the 2014 Mazda 6 is that it is taking me a little time to adjust to the difference in power after owning a 2011 Grand Touring with the V6.
1	The 2.5 gas is more than sufficient for any type of driving unless you are like me and
2	I compared with Camry, Accord, and Altima, and decided to go with 6.
2	I'm happy I made that decision.
1	The 2014 Mazda 6 is the clear choice for those looking for an overall nice vehicle which is fun to drive.
1	It has many technological advances with luxury sedan safety features.
1	Young or old, you'll love the new Mazda 6.
1	Best new Mazda in years!
1	Do your self a favor and at least test drive the Mazda 6, before you decide to buy any other car.
2	Great car!
2	I love it!!
2	Great car!
2	I love it!!
2	After several weeks of researching my next purchase it came down to the Mazda 6 and the Honda accord sport but in the end I ended up buying the Mazda.
1	Why?
1	for starters it costs less and it gives really good gas mileage for a midsize sedan.
1	Although I fe
2	Very affordable, reliable, economical and overall value for price paid.
2	Good Car
1	Thanks to Mazda for offering fun to drive, solid handling cars with tons of value.
1	Mazdaspeed 3 rules!
2	Great car, fun to drive.
2	I love this car.
2	I've owned 4 Mazdas and each one just gets better and better.
1	Out of all the cars out there this one just did not work for me.
1	If i just wanted a DD it still would not be the speed3 and as far as performance its useless.
2	With the tech package, you get everything you can wish for in a car for under $30k.
1	According to experts out there, this car is a race car, so not for the beginner.
2	Lots of power but will remain calm and composed if driven as such.
2	Lots of fun to drive and commands respect on the road.
2	I do recommend getting this if you want something cheap and quick, its a great car to have as your 2nd car.
2	Its a solid car and really enjoyable to drive.
1	this car punches way out of it's price range and should not be sold or loaned to anyone under 25 with out close adult supervision.
2	great little   hot hatch if you want performance for the money I would highly recommend this car, and if you can swing it get one with the tech package,i love mine!!
2	good car
1	Mazda MX-5 Miata was named to Car and Driver Magazine's 10 Best Car list for 2013.
1	A well-built, fast, stylish car, that's too much fun to drive!
1	The Club model rocks!
1	The styling is awesome.
2	The 6 speed MT is smooth as butter, the suspension is firm and road hugging, Plus the car is light on it's wheels and a blast to drive!
1	OKS
1	Amazing Sports Car!
1	If you're in the market for a sports car, you seriously cannot go wrong with a Miata.
1	No, it's not as fast as a Porsche, but it is way cheaper to maintain and frankly unless you're taking it on the track every day the power is certainly above average con
2	great car for the price,it is right up there with the BMW
1	great car for the price,it is right up there with the BMW
1	This is a true sports car.
1	It handles, accelerates and feels great.
2	It is like my old mgb except I don't have to work on it every weekend.
1	There are plenty of cars that can go faster in a straight line., but nothing under $50,000 that can make you smile like this car.
2	Great car with lots of potential.
2	Excellent in reliability.
1	perfect
1	Unfortunately Mazda has stopped production of the Rx-8, but the heart and soul lives on with their final revision known as the Spirit R. I commend and respect a company that continuously innovates and truly believes in their product.
1	As an automaker stan
2	Owning an RX8 is like being married to a beautiful but wayward womanYou keep saying you'll take it back one more timeAnd just when you get ready to trust it againBang!
1	She's back in the shop spending your money dating the mechanic
1	I would recommend it
1	Car handles like a dream.
2	I have owned the car for 1 year and live in New England.
2	Handled well even in the snow with snow tires.
1	Love this car
1	its ight
1	I like the 2004 model year the best due to the extra HP.
2	The automatic is pathetic, so I bought a 2004 six speed.
2	I've put 40K miles on my RX8, & the only problem has been the replacement of a catalytic converter... which Mazda covered/paid for.
1	I did re
2	Problem free for over a year.
2	I have had my Mazda Tribute just under 6 months & I have loved my Tribute i sport & will consider another Mazda down the road.
2	PROBABLY THE BEST CAR I'VE OWNED.
1	I'M 67yrs.
2	OLD, I'VE OWNED MANY VEHICLES.
2	This is my 3rd Mazda, and the Tribute just confirms what I already love about Mazdas.
1	should make good use of the brand
2	drive before purchasing
2	Except for the Porsche 911 Carrera I had(totally different concept obviously), it's the best I've owned...sold on this new Merc
1	Test drive it.
1	Put it in sport mode.
1	You will buy it.
2	Fun to look at.Fun to drive.Good mpg.Responsive handling.
1	EVERYTHING ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING
2	has all the speed i need and gets great gas mileage.
2	I would recommend this car to everyone.
2	I've been leasing a new Benz every 3 years since 2002, and this car is the best one yet.
2	Fun, good looking, good performance, and great fuel mileage.
1	Can't think of any thing else I could ask for.
2	Overall, we are pleased with our purchase, and would recommend this vehicle to others who are in the market to purchase an affordable luxury vehicle.
1	i like it so much
1	Saving-up for AMG!
1	THE CAR CAN USE COOLED SEATS INSTEAD OF VENTALATED
1	Excellent car
1	It has a unique style, technology, power and........well...its just awesome!
1	ONE GREAT AUTOMOBLE
2	Fantastic car!
1	10 from 10
1	After 30 years it is still the most stylish, reliable and capable vehicle made
1	this is a great looking car with many luxury features !
1	if they work !!
1	For the high sticker price you are wasting your money.
1	The sale job of prestige is not there as most consider you foolish for spending that much on an average performing ride.
1	I don't understand the so called expert reviews.
1	They must be getting paid by
2	The only problem we had was finding the right GL450 available in the color and options we wanted without having to wait for an order.The ride, handling and performance is terrific and with us owning it for 6months and driving almost 5,000 miles so far I
2	The engine and ride was thumbs up.
1	Electronics, design and connectivity a big thumbs down.
1	For the money it is not the pick of the litter for me.
1	Better SUV's for the money out there.
1	I test drove it for the weekend and didn't buy as a result.
1	Purchased a competitor
1	Nice car....expensive.....new design a bust
1	Love it, diesel!
1	If you can afford it and want to enjoy your life, Go for it.
1	I like the size of the vehicle which is slightly smaller than my Escalade and the road handling.
1	I like the electric fold down third row and the space it has.
1	Also like the cargo space with second row down when traveling for suitcases, etc.
2	My 450 has all the new and modern safety features that i was looking for.
2	Quite rewarding experience.
1	What can I say?
2	This is my third ML & by far it is best one.
2	So very much improved over my 2000 ML320 and I loved my 2004 ML350 with its improvements, but my, oh, my, my 2012 is like driving a cloud!
1	The all wheel drive, safety features, sound system, qu
2	Truly the best vehicle I have ever owned.
2	Pricey but worth it if you can afford it...you only live once.
2	My first european design vehicle always chevy or ford ,thats over with !
1	For me, this is a perfect all-purpose vehicle, just the right size and easy to parallel park.
1	Basically, it's a modern version of a station wagon with all wheel drive.
2	This is by far the best vehicle I have owned.
1	It is powerful, handles well, is quiet and loaded with cutting edge electronics.
2	Have only owned it for 6 months -- no problems, but will have to see how it holds up.
1	looks feel driving at its best
2	Buy it, own it and love it forever!
2	I'd buy it again in a minute.
1	Great choice for someone wanting to move to a mid sized SUV
2	I recommend it A LOT.
1	Go git one right now!!!!
2	Great car, gets a lot of looks; not a ton of them on the street.
1	Fun car to drive.
1	No competition that give this type of style, functionability and comfort.
1	Nicest car for Mom!
1	doesn't seem like they put the   mercedes touch mechanically in this model.
1	all mercadies R - (haha) ausome cars
1	Love the vehicle
2	Very satisified and will stay with this model and style forever,
2	Very satisified and will stay with this model and style forever,
2	excellent
1	Overall, this is an excellent machine.
1	Once they bring the indash unit up to par, I would give it an A+
2	Love%20this%20car
1	
1	Excellent car
1	Very pricey, but a great car all around.
2	The best Mercedes I have owned.
2	I enjoy driving this car every time I take it on the road.
1	GPS was only negative.
1	awesome
2	BEST CAR I'VE EVER OWNED would not change it for the world it is the metaphore of quality .
1	Excellent
2	Beautiful, powerful, comfortable and tons of fun!!!
1	Perfection.
1	Car is gorgeous.
1	Love to drive and love to wash the car
1	If you want a high-end convertible, look no further.
1	The SL550 is the car of choice and being a  base modelin a line-up never felt so good.
2	0-60 in 4 seconds flat!
1	Why spend the additional money for a 63 or 65 when they're only fractionally faster?
1	Go
2	I bought my SL 63 about a month ago and I am amazed by this automobile.
2	UNBELIEVABLE!
1	Top of the line roadster!
1	10
1	This stylish ride appeals to woman and men.
1	It is fun to drive and is really fast!
2	I haven't had the ground clearance issue I've had with the Corvettes on some streets and parking lots either.
1	I just love it!!!
1	It is a great car if you have money to burn.
1	If you work for your money, you'll get tired of this high maintenance beauty.
2	Car handles well, its fast , its safe, i think for the money best 2 passenger passenger on the road
2	Fast,responsive and great looking car
2	 We looked at a BMW 3 series and a Lexus IS 250C before buying this car We are very happy with the SLK.
1	Great little cars and great financing through BMW can get you into one of these for fair money.
2	Do yourself a favor and order one with everything that you want and you will not get stuck with over-priced options like GPS.
2	It is worth the 6-week wait.
1	Rev
2	A great ride and quality for the money.
1	perfect for couples taking weekend road trips or across country trip, Not to mention going to the grocery store.
1	Easy to park and in and out of traffic is easy.
2	No major blind spots in the clubman!!!
1	Overall, it is a terrific headturner vehicle that is fun, economical,and attractive.Fast and fun
2	A spunky little car that is a pure blast to drive.
2	Overall, I could not be more satisfied with this car.
2	I am always getting looks and compliments on the car.
2	It is well worth the price.
1	Interior space is lacking, but it is a MINI what do you expect?
1	Has plenty of room for hauling things when the back se
2	My first really small car, I love my mini, and wouldn't trade it in for anything.
1	It has the grunt, stability, looks, and uniqueness that really set it apart.
2	The included maintenance is awesome too.
1	Love the fuel economy even with the turbocharged engin
1	You want a fun beautiful best bang for the money car?
1	Then the MINI Cooper is for you!
1	You want a car that can hold luggage for a family of nine then buy a mini van.
1	German engineering, British flair, solid, well made, a dream to drive!
1	You will not want
1	remarkable quality,and styling,
1	I found a lease-return 2008 Cooper S on the lot with 12,500 miles.
2	Wasn't planning to buy at that moment, but had to jump on that find.
2	Not a moments regret on that decision, really.
2	The car is reliable (not a bit of trouble in the 2 years I've owned it)
2	Ok, I am under 5 feet and I do not feel as if I am setting in the bottom of a well when driving the  MINI .
2	We rented a car to pickup the  MINI , so we did not have to drive two cars home.
1	The rental car made you feel like you were setting in the bottom
1	Love this car.
2	Would buy it again.
2	It's a keeper
1	Worst%20car%20EVER!!!!!
1	Mini is overrated although the S version has the power the nonturbo lacks.
1	Base model lacks too many features that should be std.
2	Ok, I am under 5 feet and I do not feel as if I am setting in the bottom of a well when driving the  MINI .
1	We rented a car to pickup the  MINI , so we did not have to drive two cars home.
1	The rental car made you feel like you were setting in the bottom
1	A perfect car for a two person household, especially if you have a larger vehicle in addition for those times when you need one.
2	Worst%20car%20EVER!!!!!
2	overall, I love it and would buy another.
1	I would also recommend this car to mature drivers.
1	Fun Car..... what driving should be!
1	Wonderful!
1	Fun to drive sports car!
1	Easy on gas and fast.
2	Highly recommend this car!
1	A pleasure and fun to drive
1	Love it, will get a new one when my lease is up.
2	Even with all the bad reviews, I'm still happy with my Eclipse and I know I will have many good times with it.
1	already stated
1	Overall it is a great vehicle for a single person looking to take short to moderate trips around town or a few towns over.
2	The longest I have take this is about 100 miles from the LA area to San Diego with absolutely no problems, with just two of us in t
2	This is my second Eclipse convertible, 150k miles on the first one with only 1 small repair.
1	110k on this one so far and only on the second small repair.
2	Dependable as long as well maintained and even with 100+k she still gets compliments on her looks Re
1	It's good if you don't mind spending a lot of money on it, if you want to stick to a budget, DON'T BUY THIS CAR.
1	If you're a normal person, this car is somewhat sporty and great all around.
1	If you're a competitive driver, be ready to have $20k - $25k to shell out.
2	I love my car !!
2	I would buy another
1	If you have fallen in love with the look of this car and must have it them that's great, go for it.
1	it's a great looking car.
1	But if your on the fence the numbers for this car are not as good as the camaro or mustang.
1	first off, to get the v6 in the ecli
2	Very happy I bought one
1	I already stated this
2	Best car for the money
1	excellent vehicle.
2	GREAT IN WINTER
1	I would recommend this vehicle to everyone that I know that is currently shopping for a vehicle..
2	I have owned 3 Endeavors and have not had any major mechanical problems with any of them..Just wish Mitsubishi would have spent more effort with improving the internal ,external design, gas mileage and implementing a third row seat option...so much poten
1	Nice comfortable, quality SUV.
1	No complaints.
1	Its too bad that 2012 is going to be Galant's last year... Its kind of simple, but for sure a great dependable family vehicle.
1	I have Navigation, Heated seats, and a power moonroof.
1	Premium alloy wheels and a Sport tronic shifter, 6 disc Rockford Fosgate sound system with Satilite radio and a huge trunk!!!
2	My Wife and I have had 3 Galants and I can promise you that Honda and Toy
1	its an ok car to have, just hard for three carseats to fit
1	Consumer reports tests are based upon older models.
1	The 2012 is a contender.Although the styling is not in your face like Hyundai, it is easy to get in and out of both front and rear seats without bending your neck.
2	Great value, I bought a used 2012 Galant for almost half the price when it was new.
1	Camrys, Accords 1 yr old are thousands more.
2	Great value, I bought a used 2012 Galant for almost half the price when it was new.
1	Camrys, Accords 1 yr old are thousands more.
2	LOve the look and the style and runs well..Quiet and love all the extra features
1	good car that needs to have a 2.0 4 cyl.
1	turbo.
2	Nice car for in city driving and short trips.
2	Perfect 2nd car.
1	The ride comfort and performance were better than I imagined for an electric car.
1	However, the interior seats, trim,etc.
1	seemed really low end...not like you would see in a $34 000 vehicle.
1	I also test drove the Volt and found the quality of the car to b
2	Great second car for most families.
1	If you are seeking an electric car and not worried about how it looks, this would be an option.
1	The Ford and the GM electric vehicles look much better, but also have a higher price tag.
1	The Volt is really impressive with styling and performance plus you
1	You can't beat it for economy of use.
1	Great car
2	Love it for getting around town and doing errands
1	Doesn't make economic logic as break even is about 12 years of ownership...then you need to buy a battery that I heard costs over $10,0000.
1	Are they serious!
2	Overall this is a fantastic vehicle.
2	I feel like I'm driving a luxury crossover, but paid a compact price!!!!
2	As much as we liked out 2011 Outlander, it was an easy choice to go with the new 2014.
2	With very few other SUV/Crossovers to choose from with a third row seat, AWD and mileage close to 30 mpg, this is the perfect vehicle for our young family of 4.
1	Review
2	Great SUV for the price.
1	I drove the rav4, cx-5, forester XT, This vehicle leaves them all in the dust.
1	The Mitsu engineers have done a very good job.
1	Only the mazda can match it in terms handling.
2	The outlander is a lot of fun.
2	I look forward to driving every morning.
1	The paddl
2	I would put this SUV up against any 4 cyl RAV4, CRV or Escape!!
1	I think consumers should test drive this SUV.
1	I can see why the EVO is legendary .
1	This suv has the same ALL wheel drive.
2	In snow, it gives me great confidence.
1	Just don't listen to the jornalists who disklike mitsubishi and do not give this suv the cred
2	I love my Outlander, My son bought a Outlander Sport at the same time, he loves the Sport.
1	Been shopping around.
1	It was down to the Santa Fe, Rogue (2014) or Outlander.
1	I am both a Nissan and a Mitsu person.
1	But I felt the Rogue was too plush for an SUV - plus, it was priced higher with the 3rd row not being standard.
2	Got the Outlander - had t
2	Discounted it can't be beat for pricing and features.Best deal going if you test drive it and ignore the media stigma on Mitsubishi.
2	The design took a while to grow on me, but after checking out this car at the dealer, I fell in love right away.
1	The quality and value are miles ahead of the bigger car companies, and they back it up with a great warranty.
1	I had a 2010 Outlander, and the
1	The Mitsubishi product gives you a great value at an affordable price.
2	would recommend this to anyone that wants a great SUV with for an incredible price..
1	What a find.
2	I couldn't be happier.
2	Perfect family car: Safe drive and fun!
1	Winter and offroad ready.
1	I think this is an incredible value for the price.
1	What's not to love?
2	after owning countless BMW's, Mercedes and Corvettes, the 911 is quite simply the BEST!
2	Awe inspiring engineering; great for daily driving too.
1	There is nothing else like it.
2	Although affordable to only a few, it is the most thrilling and capable thing on 4 wheels.
2	Wonderful car-will buy another one.
1	Drive it.
1	Incredible value and performance.
1	Wow, just drive one.
1	You don't need my impressions...
1	I can't wait until my Boxster is built.
2	I know dealers put so much options on the Boxster that you end up paying 10 k more.
1	My Boxster will only have 9K in options.
1	I still remember the test drive.
2	It was great and I felt free driving with the top down.
2	The Boxster S has incredible acceleration, cornering and breaking capabilites.
2	It is very comfortable and smooth on the open road.
1	It's a 10+ and i would highly recommend this vehicl for anyone looking to enjoy the purity of a true Sports Car.Well Done P
1	The visual appearance (lines) of this car are amazing.
1	Certain cars, Jag XK, Audi 5, look great parked; the redesigned Boxster is now in this category.
1	Performance wise- it rocks; especially the Boxster S. At the same time you can drive it around town.
1	I
2	I would buy it again, in a heart beat.
2	Just wish it had GPS and rear camara.
1	For the price it really should have these two options.
1	A great car for those who enjoy driving.
1	Dynamite styling, excellent build quality, and all the performance you need for driving within legal limits, even with the base version.
1	Several annoying features need correcting in the next iteration.
1	Review ID:
1	great truck
1	Great truck, people at the dealership are really nice.
2	Will go back for our next vehicle for sure.
2	I have been pulling a cattle trailer around with this truck for a few months now and love it.
1	There is no better deal out there.
2	THe truck has more than enough power and gets better gas mileage than either of my chevys.
1	Couldnt believe how truely nice th
2	All accessories have operated flawlessly; The available storage in the cabin and the Ram box are excellent no need to install an aftermarket storage box.
1	Coming out of a SuperDuty 4x4 crewcab diesel, perhaps I am still comparing the Ram to a much bigger, heavier, truck.
1	Apples to oranges I guess.
1	The Ram is a VERY nice truck.
2	Much better for in-town and light duty driving and hauling, and in a totally dif
2	Owned a 2009 Ram 1500, the 2013 model has a revised interior which is much approved.
1	The fit and finish of the interior is on par with that of luxury autos.
1	I compared this vehicle with the Ford F150 and the Toyota Tundra and there is no doubt the Ram is
1	I think for the money it is the best truck out there.
2	I have friends who own new Fords and Chevys they are very nice trucks but they agree dollars worth winner is the Ram.
2	Best Buy
1	i was a chevy man for 45 years and now i am a dodge dude for the rest off my life!
1	Chevy, the imports, and GMC are not even in the same league.It's all about Ford vs Ram now.I hate the low end torque of the Ram as bolted to a 6 spd.Ford has that nailed.But I'd put the Ram interior against anything, anything.I'd put uconnect against Any
1	I cannot recommend the Truck of the Year.
1	I dont know how Ram got this rating.
2	I assum the testers drove the vehicle for one day and made a decision.
1	And I also feel the road testers need to go to dealerships and see how they would be cared for as a cust
1	A best buy,Ram trucks are real trucks, coil spring rear suspension and hemi engine are hard to beat.
1	I would only buy one if I couldn't afford the F-150.
1	I still think it is nicer on the exterior than the chevy.
1	The interior doesn't even compare to the Fords styling.
2	I would never buy a used one.
1	In these cases I would go with Ford or Chevy first just s
2	Why did I wait soooo long to dump the SUV and get a pick-em-up truck!?
1	This is the best.
1	This truck is outstanding.
2	Bought Larime Longhorn and paid 45000 and feel like I got a steal.
1	If it was priced 70000 it would be well worth that.
1	just an excellent truck .
1	How could any of this be bteetr stated?
1	It couldn't.
2	Best vehicle I have ever owned.
2	I bought this vehicle due to the dealership discounts (11,000).
2	First time truck owner, have owned many different cars in my life; but this RAM 150 is by far the cream of all my former vehicle.
1	P. S. for a limited time RAM is offering bumper to bumper Fo
1	Overall a very good truck...especially for the price.
2	I traded my 2009 F-150 in on it and am happy.
2	Looking forward to breaking it in.
2	The design is beautiful Longhorn Laramie is definitely worth what I paid for it.
1	I'm extremely happy and satisfied to have made this my first brand new Truck purchase.
2	Everywhere I go I receive compliments, even my hardcore ford and chevy coworkers can't
2	A GOOD TRUCK ALL AROUND AS LONG AS YOU PERFORM PROPER MAINT.
1	AND DRIVE IT NORMALLY.
2	nice truck rides good it is quiet alpine radio rocks mpg in city 15 on hwy 23
1	I have no complains I really didnt want to buy a truck in the first place but I got one for its functionality and when i went looking the ram 1500 Hemi was the meanest looking truck out there and with the limited slip diff.
1	3.91 gears the eco boost stays
2	Great truck for the money
2	i have owned silverado , sierra, and f150 and the new ram is the best truck made today .
1	they are far ahead of the competition is every aspect.
2	I purchased the truck in Feb. 2013 after my last Dodge was totaled.
2	I drive a lot and carry a lot of tools and decided to go with the V6/8SPD combo to get the best mileage.
2	I feel this truck has better pep than my old Dakota V8, and gets fantastic mileag
2	First time Ram 1500 owner - Svc Mgr for GM dealer and Ram switched me
2	I own a corvette, a Mid size SUV and this 4x4 Dodge Ex cap truck.
2	Vett Fun to drive, the Suv good for around town shopping and short trips.THE 4X4 my best driver, does what is should do.
1	You think you are driving a smaller and little truck.
1	The ride with
2	* Stylish* Comfortable * Good handling* Wonderful gas mileage* Lots of storage* Good power (V-6)* Rides great* Great price (thanks to manufacturer's rebates and incentives, I paid $7,450 BELOW invoice!)
2	Great truck I love it to death!
1	Overall I love this truck.
2	It's a very comfortable vehicle and roomy.
2	I think next time I'll buy Ford or Toyota.
1	awesome
1	AWESOME
2	Do not get this truck if you have a working Job and need it for things
1	Terrible truck
2	Couldn't be happier with it absolutely love driving it.
1	Worth a solid look if you are in the HD truck market
1	I highly recommend this truck to anyone who wants a truck for towing.
1	I haul a large trailer around with a dozer and tractors and it handles them with ease.
1	Best heavy duty out there,Best fuel mileage out there
1	Overall I would still rate the truck at an 8 even with the issues I have had.
1	.good paint job
1	It is a work van.
1	There are no other vehicles in this category to compare.
1	The Ford Sprinter is ugly, small and made in Turkey.
1	The rest are too big, use too much gas and do not fit in parking structures.
1	Honda and Nissan do not make their minivans for h
2	Overall OK for a small truck.
1	Paint quality is poor and chips easily.
1	Nice Truck
1	Nice overall truck!
2	Good truck, good value, good choice for us 2 old retired people, glad we got it.
1	my Father had a trucking company many years and he always had Dodge trucks for cargo vans, pickups and box trucks, found them to be dependable, sturdy and long lifespans.
1	Pr
1	This is an excellant small truck.
1	The 4.7L gets good mpg on the hiway if you use speed control.
2	As vehicles go, this truck is probably my favorite.
1	It has good exceleration but nothing spectacular.
2	The gas mileage is good and it feels comfortable around town or on the highway.
1	Wind does not seem to affect it greatly.
1	It is great for commuting or us
1	Bear in mind that the later production Big Horns were trucks intended for commercial use, fleets and so.
1	So they are very basic; no luxuries at all and that's why they are cheaper than the average Tacoma.
1	But, for the money, they are excellent value.
1	No
2	Great truck, I look forward to may trips with the family pulling our travel trailer with this beast.
1	Veery poor showing.
1	great truck for the money
2	I would recommend this truck to any one.
1	Very nice truck, (not a pickup) Has styling, performance and price.
2	Very satisfied.
1	very goooood
1	AMAZING CAR overall.
2	There aren't enough words to describe it!!!
1	the best rolls ever
1	Fabulous
1	A fantastic car adorned with an over the top opulence unsurpassed by any other luxury car in existence fine craftsmanship with every car with every dollar.
1	Dependable ride.
1	I miss the old styling.
1	So much for the British Empire.
1	Yawn
1	very nice car good for the money
1	love it.
1	BRILLIANT!
1	incredible!
1	Buy one and feel the freedom of life!
1	Definitely last choice in this price range.
1	I like it
2	Best car I've ever owned
2	Great car, got it for my 16th birthday and have had no issues with it.
2	Would definately get another Saab in the future, possibly a TurboX SportCombi or the last generation 9-5.
2	very nice small sedan
2	This cars sugar is RAW.
1	Sticky and SWEDE.
1	Super safe.
2	Buy one and find your one road.BORN FROM JETS!!!
1	Avoid.
1	A great car, ultra rare as only 557 were made.
2	Happy to have one of the few.
2	I love the Saab and I will buy like 3 more in the future.
1	I think there should be more on the road :D.
2	Overall I have been happy with my car, I do not see many on the road and for the value compared to other European SUV's it has it all for a better price
2	It is a great car and I like it a lot.
2	Even though Saab has filed for bankruptcy I really am not all that concerned.
2	At least I have a great car that I will enjoy every day and won't see one coming the other way all that often.
1	And, I intend to keep this and my other Saab for many more years.
2	Great car so far.
2	I would buy this car again and again.
2	very pleased with the car since I purchased it back in March 2012.
2	Was brand new (22 miles) and had been sitting on the dealer lot.
2	Had to get the brake rotors fixed upon delivery but otherwise has been an absolute pleasure to own & drive.
1	Buying at 50%
1	Entry level $40k version has everything you ever thought you needed in a car and nothing you don't.
1	Chicago blizzard of 2011--What?
1	No AWD?
2	Was no problem in this car.
1	Really satisfying car.
2	Feel proud everyday to drive it, silly as that sounds.
1	Thinking
2	WOW.....BEST CAR I HAVE EVER OWNED !!!!
1	BREATHE TAKING
2	I purchased a new 2010 Saab 9-5 in February 2011.
2	Within 4 months of driving it out of the showroom in Winston-Salem, NC, the suspension warning light came on to have it checked.
2	Then everything went out on the Enfotainment system - no radio, no navigati
1	Grrrrrrrrreat car at even better price
1	OK Car for the close-out price of $30k after SAAB went bankrupt.
2	No way was it worth the original sticker price of $44k!
1	Tragic that SAABs swan song was an orphaned, limited edition of a GM component, Swedish designed  fresh start.NO warranty support f
2	Love this car!!
1	Exceptional job Scion!!
1	Do not listen to the reviewers that have called this  a good first caror  a good car for a teenager .
1	These people have no idea what they are talking about.
1	One of these reviewers wrote  One must be not understand can get a REAL sports car for right un
2	Very good car for the dollars spent and I have no second thoughts or qualms about my purchase decision.
1	People who criticize this car really need to get a life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This is the most fun I have had behind the wheel in a decade!
2	Not a family vehicle, but a fun ride each and every time.
1	When you add in the great gas mileage it muliplies the benefits of ownership.
2	Good acceleration, but it is mostly a beautiful car that can be pushed to its and your driving limits!
1	I think that this is a really great car, regardless of the fact that it is so inexpensive.
2	The car is peppy, responsive, is fun to drive and looks great.
2	I've gotten many compliments.
1	This car is a dream to drive and the added gas mileage and reasonable price only add to the experience.
1	This is a fun ride that you aren't afraid to drive.
1	LOVE IT!
2	I purchased a base Nissan 370Z for 29k, test drove similarly equipped FR-S and priced for 28k.One must be not understand can get a REAL sports car for right under 30k (Nissan 370Z) to buy the FR-S
1	GREAT, FUN CAR TO DRIVE.
2	EXCELLENT HANDLING!
1	GOOD JOB TOYOTA/SCION!!
2	It is a great car to own and drive!
1	great
2	Fast fun great handling car.
1	What is not to love?
2	Overall amazing car!!
2	I am happy with my purchase.
2	I have owned my car for about a month and it gets great gas mileage and is really fun to drive.
1	I have not seen another one yet so it is still unique.
1	I can?t wait for the aftermarket parts to stat becoming available.
1	Review
1	Its a little too late to bring this to market with so many better options out there with more horse power , styling and utility with toyotas terrible safety record they didnt give it the badge but the scion and subaru in attempt to fool the public Review
1	Fantastic car.
2	Love it even more than corvettes I have had
2	I have owned my FR-S for about six months and it is far and away the best car I've ever owned.
1	It can be a bit finicky to shift at times, and is always begging for a speeding ticket, but this car delivers a ridiculous amount of style and performance for
2	I overall think its a fun car to drive
1	I am 47 years old and this little car puts a smile on my face every time I drive it, heck, every time I look at it.
2	I actually look forward to driving it and sometimes I make excuses just to get out and take it for a spin.
2	After over 30 years of driving front wheel drive automatics I returned to my sports car roots (MG Midget, Mini, Sunbeam Alpine & Tiger, Fiat 124 Spyder) and do not regret my decision.
1	This is a modern sports car with none of the problems or shortcomings
2	WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A LEAST 225 HORSES AND MORE TORQUE BUT THE CAR IS AN EYE STOPPER AS IT IS.
1	I thought I would like this much better than I do.
2	I traded a Miata for it and have regretted it.
1	Should have kept the Miata.
2	I love this car, so glad I bought it.
2	This is the best driving car I've ever owned.
2	I get constant compliments on it too, which is kind of fun!
1	There are folks who wish for more power, but I like the overall balance and the ability to really push the car without getting into trouble.
1	If you'
2	The FR-S makes for a very enjoyable third car.
1	The gas mileage is very good for a sports car.
2	I've been averaging a little over 25 mpg.
1	I can not wait to buy my new Scion FR-S!!!
1	Wonderful car.
1	They got it right.
1	fun car and does attract attention
2	This is by far my favorite car to drive.
2	It is so much fun, and I drive it hard.
1	If you are looking at getting one, please do, you will be happy.
1	If you are larger than average, then getting into the seats that wrap around you is not going to happen.
1	Rev
1	loved the general feel and look of the car, if you dont carry extra passengers often or pick up tons of stuff at the store its a perfect fun choice
1	Buy one and you'll see what I mean.
1	The is a true sports-car.
1	Its not one of those lame muscle-cars like the mustang or camaro or challenger.
1	This car is for enthusiasts, not rednecks!
1	nice car, fun to drive, but slow.
1	I definitely think that it was a great choice.
2	I bought this car as an every day driver and it hasn't disappointed me at all.
2	It is a blast to drive and I can push this car on a turn without fear of losing control.
1	I swapped out the stereo head for a tou
1	great car and fun to drive.
2	I have had this car for over two months and still look forward to driving every day.
1	This is one of those vehicles that people laugh when you get out of.
1	Thats fine, I ask then when was the last time you got change from a $20 when you filled your gas tank.
1	Consumer Reports totally missed the mark with this prize of a car.
1	The quality and attention-to-detail with the engineering is on-par with much, much more pricey cars like the Lexus and Mercedes.
1	It even comes with 0-20w Synthetic oil that only needs cha
2	Admittedly, this car isn't for everyone; if you have more than one kid and this is your only car, good luck.
1	But if you're looking for something small that gets above-average gas mileage and has some personality (I'm looking at you, Prius family) for a r
1	This is a great little car.. Big on interior room if you consider it a two sweater..which it really is.
1	Very customizable.
1	Great on gas.
1	Easy to park and maneuver
2	Great car to save you money even if you have a lead foot.
1	Even with agressive driving I routinely get 34 MPG.
1	The comfort room is comparable to mid-sized cars and for some mid-sized the IQ is heads and shoulders the winner for comfort.
1	I'm 6'2and there
2	Great second car to run errands in.
2	i love this car and it is the best gas saver vehicle that i've owned.
1	No vices.
2	Nothing less than we expected, with a few pleasant surprises re some standard equipment items included.If you want small, economical means of transportation, this is a good choice.
1	Please bear in mind, though,, the car won't grow, but your fami
2	Great car, decent acceleration, good reliability.
2	A great second car for the price, enjoyable driving experience, and high mpg for a non-hybrid, but be sure it fits your driving habits and I wonder how the EPA gave it a 36/37.
2	I just love this little car!
2	So much fun to drive and since all my outings end up in parking lots, this little guy just makes parking lots of any shape or size a snap to park in.
2	I leave the back seats down and folded a big blanket to fit back there, now
2	A whole lot of car for the price.. sporty enough to go when you need to, enough horse power for hills (so far).
1	Sound system is stellar/ipod bluetooth is very nice.
1	I love driving this car.
1	For anyone that would like a reliable, good looking, sportscar, the Scion tC is for you.
1	Great handling, fast accelleration, loads of torque, a crisp shifting 6-speed manual transmission, and nice no-bologna interior, make this car an excellent sporting
2	Great car would buy another today.
2	Love it!
1	Love , love , love it
1	Excellent
2	Overall, for what this car is I give it a  Ten   .
1	I NEVER LIKED THE XB BEFORE DRIVING IT.
1	I THOUGHT IT WAS UGLY AND DISGUSTING.
1	THEN I DROVE ONE!
1	AND MAN.....I WAS WRONG.
1	I'M NOT AFRAID TO ADMIT WHEN I AM WRONG ON THIS LOL.
2	ITS AWSOME, I BOUGHT IT RIGHT AWAY
2	great vehicle for the money, performs well, is comfortable and has plenty of room for our needs.
1	very happy, happy, happy.
2	I did not purchase this vehicle in 2012 or 2013 but you gave us no other choice.
2	I purchased my Scion xb in 2008.
2	10 out of 10
1	I've never enjoyed driving a car so much in my life.
1	The Scion suits my driving habits and lifestyle perfectly.
2	It's reliable--of course!--, comfortable, responsive, and just plain fun to be in.
1	The car looks fairly small on the outside, but there's load
2	Great cra, I owned a 2009 and just upgraded to a 2012, love my smart.
2	Great MPG, parking is a snap and yes limited storage but I can fit 2 sets of golf clubs in the back.
1	Not for everyone, but for more than the media has given it credit for.
1	It has been largely ignored as a credible option, but that is a terrible mistake.
1	Is it a looker?
1	Not necessarily in the best way, although this car makes most people smile.
1	Is it a s
1	If you want cheap fun transport with a good warranty, buy one.
1	IF you want the traditional American living room on wheels, this is not a good choice.
2	I pack mine with my wife, me, one large Lab and a noisy Schuanzer and head to the farm quite often.
1	2013
1	This vehicle is fun to drive although no speed demon.
2	Gas mileage is fantastic.
1	MUST use premium gas.
2	GREAT around town and have also taken many 10 hr.
1	trips.
1	If you accept what it is, you'll do fine.
1	This vehicle is a modern day, computer laden, safety
1	Solid, cool, great mpg 42 +
1	I HATE THIS CAR
1	If you are thinking about a Harley, take a ride in a Smart Cabrio with the top and side rails down.
2	Doesn't get better than this car.
1	The manufacturer should be ashamed that a car twice the size gets the same mph...
1	Excellent vehicle, cheapest car to own and the most fun for the money.
1	If everybody uses this car the traffic won't be here because these cars are so small they cant possible get into traffic, but they could get into trouble!
2	I love my SMART CAR!!
1	The Smart will exceed your expectations.
2	fun to drive and it will hold a lot more than you would ever think or need for that mater It's like glue on the Interstates and trucks are no bother at all.I have had mine for 4 1/2 years.
1	I'll get a new one prett
2	Great car.
1	GREAT VEHICLE-
2	This is my first non manual car since the 80's so I know about the gear change hesitation,doesn't bother me.
2	Perfect second car.
2	The only time I drive my other car is to Church on Sunday, or when the weather is severe, heavy flooding rain and windy,It's
2	wouldn't buy it again.
2	I started driving this car using the Car2Go service in DC.
2	I was amazed at how much space was inside for how small it looked on the outside ( I'm a big guy 6' 290 and I fit in it just fine).
2	I really became attached to how easy it was to drive this car i
1	Good car overall.
2	I bought the car new in 2009 and I have only approximately 15,000 miles on it because it doesn't go on long trips.
2	Insurance rates are low.
1	Kids will wave at you which is good or bad depending on your perspective.
1	A comfortable and usef
1	great for long trips
1	I LOVE it!
1	I wish I could afford to keep extra tires on hand.
1	8+ GREAT CARSA good car for the current time
1	I would buy one.
1	Most fun I have had for a long time.
1	Nonething compares with it.
2	Fun car to drive!
1	This is definitly one of those items that you either like or dislike.
2	Mine is a 2009 and I bought it used.
2	All of the items on the negative list are issues, but I like the car and accept it for what it is: a small 2 seat car.
2	It does not try and be somet
1	I LOVE IT
1	I would recommend to check it out.
2	It's fun to drive and saves lots of money.
2	I like it more now than when I bought it.
2	4-2 GREAT CAR
1	perfect, I live in the city and its a breeze, I get 40 miles to a gallon
1	NIFTY LITTLE CAR!
1	No Diesel
1	Very happy with both cars and pkan to keep them a long time
2	Great little car
2	Great car and should last a long time.
1	I think Smart cars would make great used cars.
2	My vehicle has an 8 gallon tank we can go to work and not filling up for 7 days.
1	I travel 48 miles 5-6days a week.
1	Do the math.
2	My other 4 door car I had to fill up every other day.
2	GREAT, will buy another
1	GREAT VEHICLE.
2	I bought it for what I use it for.
1	City driving, use for drives of about 45-50 miles round trip.
1	Outstanding.
2	Howeverr have used it for 350 mone way trips because of MPG.
1	The future is here!!
1	As battery capacity improves, I see this technology being the de facto standard.
1	I remember back when I was a kid and I was purchasing my first PC.
1	The computer salesman told me that I had two options... the 20 MB hard drive and the
1	It's an amazing hybrid!
1	This is a beautiful, high performance car without compromise.
1	The 1st of its kind.
1	JUST AN AMAZING CAR!!!
1	LOVE THIS MACHINE.
1	THIS CAR IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE ON THE TOP OF MY LIST!
1	I DID A PROJECT ON THIS CAR IN HIGH SCHOOL, AND I WAS HOOKED!
1	I CANNOT WAIT TO GET THIS AMAZING MACHINE.
1	WELL DESERVING AS MOTOR TREND'S 2013 CAR OF THE YEAR!
1	Very detailed video review covering the car from bumper to bumper.
1	Posted in 6 parts on YouTube.
1	Including descriptions of some problems and a features wish list.
1	A must see for Tesla Model S enthusiasts.Go to YouTube and search for  Tesla Model S Review
2	Absolutely fantastic.
2	This is, by far, the best car I have ever been in, let alone owned.
1	If you see a very negative review of a Tesla, it will be written by someone on the traditional automotive business.
1	They are terrified of this car and company.
1	And they should be.
2	Simply the best car ever!
1	(well, at least in the 52 years I have been driving, to include a 64 and 68 'vette).
2	Overall a wonderful car.
2	I believe I am driving the future of automobiles today.
2	super excellent
1	A full 10
1	A car of excellence beyond expectations
1	This car is the future.
1	Elon Musk is a visionary who has taken the available technology to the next level, and will continue to do so.
2	We purchased this vehicle at the high point dollar wise, but it is an investment that will hopefully lead to lower pric
1	It isn't exactly fair to compare this vehicle with ICE or hybrid vehicles.
1	It is in a class by itself.
2	It must be experienced to understand completely how it changes the paradigms.
1	Even then, we are so ingrained in the way we think about interacting with
2	This car is a game changer- you must get in one to appreciate how much better a car it is than all of the other cars on the road today.
1	In the future all cars will be like this.
1	There is obviously a reason why Consumer Reports gave it the highest rating
1	I truly believe this car has taken things to another level and will go down in history (with Elon Musk alongside) as one of the most influential innovations/innovators of our time
1	The best car ever built worldwide by a longshot.
1	Ever!
1	Think about it.
1	If you have a solar cell carport and a Tesla Model S. You can charge your car unlimitedly for free!
1	General Electric GE makes Solar carports that can charge 6 electric cars simultaneo
1	The future is here.
2	Watch out, big oil!
2	The car gets better over time as more features are added via software release.
1	I want i want one I want one I want Oh Santa please bring me one
2	This car has to be driven to realize how game changing it truly is.
1	Before my test drive another person showed up in a $150K car and even he was wowed by the performance.
1	For local use this would be a great car.
1	Tesla can do a better job of sharing addit
1	We agree this car is destined to become a classic; it's truly groundbreaking yet achingly simple and precise in concept, design and implementation.
1	This is what American ingenuity is about.
1	We applaud Elon Musk's vision and tenacity...though surely his d
1	see pros and cons
1	This car may not be foreveryone, but neither is a 911, corvette or panamera.
1	as for range anxiety, 95% plus of people dont drive a 100 miles in a day, and rarely does anyone take their porsche 911 or corvette on a family trip of greater than 300 miles.
1	R
2	Until you drive one of these, you have no idea what an electric car designed from the ground up can be.
1	This car only looks like an internal combustion car.
2	The low center of gravity and instantaneous maximum torque make this car behave like a car that i
1	Excellent car!
2	Best car I've ever driven!
2	Highly recommend it!
2	I am enjoying a new kind of ride
1	I've been waiting for about 9 years, since I first heard of the company, first for them to build a family sedan -Model S- then for it to become more affordable -60K- later for the charging stations to be nationwide -coming later this year, and more in th
1	I am looking to replace my car.
1	I drove Audi A8, Audi A6, E 350, S , 7 series, Lexus LS, etc.
1	Tesla is a good car.
2	It handles well and comfortable.
1	But for the price, I will get the A8 Mercedes S or BMW 7 series.
1	On the other hand, if you feel burdened a
1	Gg
2	Excellent car for an electric one.
1	Awesome vehicle, you must to appreciate what the buzz is all about
1	Test drove it.
1	I wouldnt buy it.
1	Not unless it was at least half of the advertised price.
1	There is more bang for your buck luxury wise spening your 60k+ on a another brand and a gas motor with good milage.
2	What a pleasure to drive past gas stations and help the environment too.
2	Oh, it's also so fast and responsive so that driving is fun again.
2	My other car is a 2006 Prius which, in comparison, is real basic transportation.
1	This car is a masterpiece; a treat to drive, and a dream to own I'm sure.
1	I'm trying to convince my fiance that this should be our next car.
1	:)
1	the car is away over-priced !!!!!.
1	How can an average family, or person afford it????
1	Bring the price down.
1	Sell more.Lots more!!
2	Best car I ever had!
1	It's an amazing piece of machinery.
2	I'd like to be able to plug it into an electricity source that doesn't use fossil fuel.
1	I think Tesla should partner up with a hydrogen fuel cell complany to produce the electricity needed to charge the battery.
1	By doi
1	As much as I like the Model S, I am more looking forward to the Model X with its slightly higher field of view, and the seating capacity for my whole family and cargo.
1	I think this is a good car but it might need a new generation.
1	VERY POUR FOR SO EXPENSIVE CAR
1	Run, don't walk to your nearest Subaru dealer - they're only bringing 5,000 into the US the first year.
1	this is a pretty good car to buy
1	as former owner of a lotus elise, porsche boxster s, bmw 3 series, lexus is.
1	I can honestly say, this car handles better !
1	Go with the LTD model in a 6MT and see how driving can be fun again.
1	Hard to find the 6MT in the Pacific NW.
2	But I found a Satin Pearl White one and have never looked back.
2	Its my second vehicle so I can't comment on handling in snow or poor weather cond
1	Run, don't walk to your nearest Subaru dealer - they're only bringing 5,000 into the US the first year.
1	Great car for going through a mountain road.
2	I love the BRZ, but not as a daily drive car.
1	My local dealer offered me an INCREDIBLE, mind boggling deal to trade my Genesis Coupe for the BRZ and as much as I wanted the BRZ and that deal I passed it up because of the poor quality of the interior and
1	Looking forward to Spring and summer you better believe.
1	Bring on those old country roads.
1	Simply a suburb modern lightweight sports car.
1	It's a Japanese Lotus They got it just right.
2	If you like the feeling of being on rails when you're negotiating a corner, you have to drive this car.
2	i would by this car again in a heartbeat,fantasic car
1	a true sports car
1	Absolutely great sports car with a good price and good amenities.
2	Go get you one!
1	Zhas exceeded my expectations in all areas of performance, handling and style.
1	Her appearance is that of a higher priced vehicle.
1	When purchasing a BRZ, even though there is a back seat, factoring in comfort it really is a  two-seater , which is great
2	Just recently was fortunate enough to get one.
2	Love everything about it.
2	Great car I love mine and so has anyone who has driven in it with me!!!!!!!
2	Lightweight, Good horsepower for the size, fun to drive!
2	Great buy!!!
1	Worth taking car of.
2	This is the car to buy if you want the near perfect balance of style, performance, appearance and quality.
2	No sloppy turbo with lag and the constant replace it every 50,000 mile problem.
1	great looking car at a not so great price when you should have recieved the ultimate machine from subaru,just like mitsu and thier eclipse ,both companies missed the mark of what we want as tuners/sport car drivers.imho
1	With couple of options the price reach 30k.
1	Many options available at 30-35k (Such as STI, EVO, Nissan Z).
1	For 25-28 k I rather go for Rallliart, WRX, Base Nissan Z.
2	would buy this car again
1	Excellent vehicle for someone who appreciates driving.
2	I am not trying to knock the BRZ, not by any stretch.
1	I sell cars, and I get to drive an exorbitant amount of vehicles in a month's time.
1	The BRZ just did not wow me at all the way I was hoping it would, and I was disappointed.
1	I feel like this car has t
2	i would by this car again in a heartbeat,fantasic car
1	got out with a mile-wide smile
2	Fun, fun , fun...Yeah an extra 30 HP would be nice but not a deal breaker.
2	Radio could be better too....Ive got the limited and i think its well worth the 28 Grand i paid.
2	Got the car for MSRP....
1	Yet to see another on the road in Denver .
2	Overall, Recommended for a sporty, fun car to afford one many smiles that is affordable.
2	Not a speed demon, but find the curves and corners and you can imagine yourself in a very high end car driving experience very easlily.
2	An incredible value!
1	Great platform,howeverI am going to wait for the STI version or the 2014 WRX Or when a 4x4 version becomes available.
1	Still a very fun car to drive which turns alot of heads.
1	Looks more expensive than it is.
1	diappointing price for a car lke that.
1	Good value for the money, but a GTI or Mazda might have a bit more pep.
1	I love the design, perhaps in a year or two they will enhance the engine.
1	If you just want a toy, to play around with, and don't live in the snow belt, this is a good car to play with.
1	There is no way, I would drive this car in winter weather, which makes this car , unusable almost 5 months out of the year.
1	I was crazy for buy
1	Great driving car
2	Absolutely Outstanding - a home run for Subaru!
1	Subaru hit it out of the ballpark with the all new 2014 Forester!!!!!!!
1	Looking to be Motor Trend SUV of the year for 2014.
2	This car is a winner.
2	I got out of my 2012 Forester lease early to buy this vehicle and it's my 3rd Forester.
2	The car is more solid and the CVT transmission is quiet and delivers greater than the mpg stated.
1	The info center has about 6 screens you can lo
2	This is a terrific vehicle.
2	I traded up from a 2010 and don't regret it.
1	I feel the subaru delivers on the things I need: safety, visibility, and utility (including handling rough roads); my complaints are about the more subtle details of the vehicle.
1	Re
2	Our first Subaru.
2	Test drove all the competition and the Subaru blew them all away.
2	Great vehicle.
1	Excellent car for the money
1	Great car and much more for your money than Rav, CRV,Outlander or Equinox (the others we considered).
2	The electronic power steering took a couple days to get used to but now I love it.
1	To top it off, Subaru also offers free break pads and wiper blade rep
1	I hope that Subaru corrects this in the near future.
2	I now have to hope my wife wants to drive a stick shift model
1	I purchased by COSTCO auto program.
1	They directed me to Grand Subaru Bensenville, IL 3.2i Limited andI got awesome price for all models.
2	I had to wait 8 weeks since 2014 model is sold out.
1	Great car!
2	Great ride
1	Was prepared to buy but I think Subaru took a step backward on seat comfort and steering feel.
1	Test drove the Mazda CX5 first and compared to that model, the Subaru lags in handling and road feel.
2	The Mazda was fun to drive but the Subaru felt lumbering
1	Well built, solid feel and very comfortable.
1	Aside from the defrost issue it's an excellent value.
2	The basic interiors such as small glove box and door pockets could be improved.
1	We also think the Forestershould be made here in the U.S. like the Outback.
2	We almost bought an Outback and are sorry we didn't sinceit's more roomy and a better value for th
2	Love the Subarus and this is my 3rd one.
1	But hate that speedometer.
1	The turbo version drives very smoothly and quietly, with only a touch of hesitation.
2	The outstanding bad spot is a big side pillar making left shoulder checks cumbersome and therefore dangerous.
1	Appearance is a wash - the 2014 looks bloated with an aggre
2	Bot 2.5i premium, I was surprised at the acceleration with cvt, rear camera is good but screen could have been a little bigger.Ride is very good and controlled.
1	The View around the vehicle is good , no blind spots.
1	Sunroof is huge.
1	Legroom front and rear
2	Overally I would choose this vehicle again.
1	I was deciding between the RAV 4, CRV, and forester.
2	The forester provides the best bang for your buck.
1	The Rav 4 and CRV in front wheel drive costed more than the All wheel drive forester.
2	great car
1	Great Performance and Safety Record
1	Great vehicle for a family - for single guy driving in city not so sure
1	I really wanted to like this vehicle besides it's unnecessarily conservative looks.
1	But how can you buy and drive a vehicle with substandard seats???
2	Lacking in cushioning, thigh support and side bolsters to hold you in place, while turning etc???
1	It is
1	Well put together.
1	The total package.
2	Love, love, love this vehicle!
2	It is wonderful!
2	Great vehicle , wish the extra's ( hitch , cargo cover, etc.
1	were included in the price since it is supposedly an SUV ), but other than that I think Subaru did a good job.
2	Only time will tell if I become a Subaru Groupei.
1	If subaru fix the seats and the steering, it will be good for the price.
1	Hope they have fixed the head gasket and oil consumption issues with this new design.
2	We had 3 subarus.
2	Had lots of issue with 2003 forester.
1	2010 forester was better but had oil co
1	I think the forester is a great vehicle.
1	I just can't buy one at this time as I would feel a little embarrassed driving it.
1	The look is so dated, they could do so much more.
1	Inside is roomy but they made front seats smaller (annoying).
1	Who doesn't offer
2	There is nothing to compare Subaru to.....
1	There is no other manufacturer that can deliver a unbeatable AWD system and almost 9 of ground clearance for $20,000.
2	Overall the forester is a great vehicle.
2	i researched like crazy before buying it,and am very happy!
2	overall this is best car ever owned!!
1	The MSN website has minimal information to work with and much what is here is wrong.
1	You have drive the Forester to appreciate it.
1	It is a far better buy than the Outback because the Outback is selling too well for dealers to price it more fairly.
1	All Su
1	I looked at 3 other competitors which I had researched & all would have been excellent choices.
2	I settled on the Subaru because I felt it provided the most features for the price & was the top choice of Consumer reports for quality & safety.. Review ID:
1	Run, don't walk to get one!
1	I owned two RAV4's prior to this 2014 forester.
1	they were both garbage in comparison.this forester is the best thing under $30,000I tested the RAV4, Escape, CRV, and reviewed the others, they were pathetic in comparison.check out some of the comparison v
2	Owned many cars and suv's This could be the most fun suv I've driven
1	Great
1	We have not bought a new car in years and researched alot and drove alot of suv's.
2	This lived up to our expectations.
1	It won Suv of the Year in a Car magazine!!!
1	overrated will not let you state your opinion .
1	This vehicle is hard to beat for it's price.
1	This is another reason why Subaru sales are soaring.
1	great SUV
2	Highly recommend the car.
2	 Must have to go up to the snow.
1	A great little car that feels bigger than it is, excellent fuel economy and handling.
2	Here in the midwest the AWD comes in real handy, snow, rain, freezing rain, you never know what you'll get, I ski, bike and kayak, the roof racks and storage are great
1	I absolutely love this car in the Hatchback.
2	I use it as a city car in NYC and it fits that role perfectly.
2	It handles great, takes potholes like a champ.
2	The visibility while driving is perfect and I feel like I can see everything that is going on aroun
2	a great car if you want a car that feels big and still gives you mpg and awd at a great price
1	Love it!
2	Safe, zippy, small, tough, reliable.
2	Overall, this is a wonderful car for me as I drive it back and forth to work daily.
2	I save on fuel costs with the fuel efficiency it offers and I don't have to worry about the weather conditions with the All-Wheel Drive.
1	So, it is safe AND economical.
1	An
1	Great deal all around, I looked at vw tdi wagons and their premium price tag was not worth the extra 2 mpg's
1	Great Car
1	Excellent car, although acceleration is slow handling and breaking is very good.
1	I get about 32 mpg combined, which is excellent for an AWD car.
1	The car looks good and is very simple, which is good for reliability.
1	It will get you where you need to go in
1	I wanted a compact wagon or hatchback with all wheel drive.
1	Not too many of those from which to choose, but the impreza suits my needs perfectly.
2	I can park it easily in the city, I get the advertised 36 mpg on the highway where I spend much of my time,
1	Im used to high perfomance 200+ HP but this is the first time ive actually been impressed with the Impreza.
2	Its great all around because with the AWD you dont feel the lag from FWD cars when you accelerate.
1	People now days mostly need to sprint to 40mph
2	if it's not for the oil consumption, I love this car.
2	Most fuel efficient and economical  ALL WHEEL DRIVEvehicle out there for a best buy !
1	Now I hear the XVCrosstrek will be produced as a hybrid in 2014 which will make leaps and bounds for the Subaru name as being a fuel efficient economical automobile.
1	Very good small car.
2	Does great in the snow.
2	Very pleased with this car.
2	Great little 5 door hatchback.
1	I have yet to buy a new car with good tires.
1	There are far better tires that cost less than the stockones that came with this car.
1	Road noise level much reduced with tire change out.
2	Handling also improved and snow traction
2	The awd and safety features gives a very secure feeling when driving.
2	Excellent gas milage considering it has all wheel drive.
1	I average around 30 mpg in the city.
1	Simple and reliable.
1	Comfortable and spacious for passengers with excellent cargo versatil
1	I had this car for couple days when my 09 Impreza sedan was in for service.
2	At first i was not impressed with the car, even though the interior was a good improvement over the previous generation Subarus.
1	I'm not a fan of hatchbacks, but after driving it
1	Versatile performer!
2	I own a 2011 STI Hatch.
2	With plenty of HP, AWD, Brembo brakes, and tuned sport suspension, it's a real performer.
1	Great fun and you can drive it in the winter...STi and snow tires is there anything more fun?
2	Seriously consider this car for the 25-30k range...great feel, easy to drive, great performance when you need it in awd.
1	While not the perfect car its engine, AWD, and suspension more than makes up for its deficiencies.
2	Its rally heritage can be felt and it gives the driver a raw and exciting feeling of a true drivers car.
2	To get this feel usually requires paying much more
1	If you enjoy the driving experience while keeping practicality, this is the car for you.
1	The 265 turbo-charged 4cyl engine will push you back in your seat (with virtually no turbo-lag), but at normal driving speeds you'll get about 25 mpg.
1	Very comfortab
2	I think I will injoy this car for years to come.
2	LOVE this car, can't ever imaging owning anything but a Subaru
2	get this car, cant beat the value for the price and the gas milage
1	Just because it's AWD you will for sure need snow tires.
1	The tires they come with are summer tires.After adding snow tires, winter driving is way better.
2	I would recommend the legacy to everyone out there looking for a dependable and affordable vehicle!
1	Good family car.
1	What I have come to expect from Subaru.
2	Overall, I'm very happy with the Legacy.
2	Time will tell how trouble free it is, but Subaru does have a good reputation.
1	Also, it is built in Indiana by American workers (non-union I suppose .. which is a plus in my book).
1	The engine and CVT are built in
1	Don't wait your time
1	9.75
1	CVT is not perfect but easy to live with.
1	Paddles are great!
2	Will buy the same brand.
1	Ok for the price, but not what I want.
1	Drove for about 2000 mi on vacation and still had trouble starting smoothly - I can do better with a standard or automatic.
1	I intend to buy one soon
2	Love this car I don't why I never looked seriously at a Subaru before.
2	This vehicle is the best value I have owned and that includes Hondas, Cadillacs, Audis, Acuras and Infinitis.
1	This is the Swiss Army knife of vehicles!
2	 If you are not in a hurry, and want a solid wagon with AWD, a decent cargo area, and nice build quality...
1	This is the vehicle for you.
1	However, if you even remotely care about driving feel, look elsewhere.
1	Acceleration is dog slow and noisy.
1	The CVT cau
2	It is a great car, can haul a ton, and easily fits 4 adults.
2	The mid cycle changes are great.
1	Love the new electroluminescent instrument cluster and having the temperature gauge.
1	Miss the compass in the rear view mirrow, but the rear view camera in the r
1	This car is an all around winner.
1	Luxury when you need it, with the outdoor fun when you want it.
1	She is a beautiful car, with many admirers - I am really enjoying having a look good; go anywhere; haul anything vehicle!
2	After months of test-driving and researching - we bought the Outback and could not be happier.
2	The Outback rides nice, handles like a car in traffic, but has ground clearance and interior space of a crossover or SUV.
1	Quick acceleration, esp.
1	for a 4-cyl.
2	Overall, this is the best Outback I've owned.
1	The styling is classy, the mileage is very good, and the eyesight feature is fantastic.
2	It rides well on long trips and can carry a lot of stuff.
1	The quality of this car combined with its utilitarian nature is outstanding.
2	I can not wait for the first snowfall.
1	In snow, it out performs my Jeep Wrangler.
2	THIS IS THE PERFECT CAR!!
2	Good vehicle but needs some tuning to be perfect.
2	Probably one of the best Vehicles we have ever owned.
2	Consumer Reports states Subaru is 2nd best... and We can deifnitely see it in our Subaru's!
1	Only Lexus comes close but a difference of almost 20K!
1	Go with the 6 cylinder for better performance,
2	Love this car so far.
1	They think of everything for those of us in snow country.
2	Excellent vehicle and value for the money.
2	Couldn't be more pleased.
2	I've owned two Subarus and love the cars and the brand.
1	great value
1	A good sturdy car that handles snow well.
2	I am totally satisfied with this outback, I purchased it in dover Delaware , from a winner dealer !!!
1	Great value but at performance sake.
2	This is a very solid car and is a great buy for the money.
1	I would highly recommend going with the 3.6, so that you can get a normal transmission.
1	Excellent transportation for the dog and me!
2	I live at the beach, but have not made the opportunity to check out the 4 wheel drive feature on the sand.
2	Waste of time, regretted within hours, should have stayed with Chevy or tried Ford.
1	Excellent multi-purpose vehicle.
2	Car runs great.
2	I'd buy it again.
2	I had considered a Toyota & Honda models with this vehicle and the valve of not paying extra for all wheel drive, and the excellent reviews by the Automotive editorials sold me.
1	Love this car our first suv, and I only wish that I had gotten one before, but am happy with this one,
2	This is my first Subaru ever, after 20 years of Toyotas, so the bar is set pretty high.
2	I can live with the dislikes I mentioned above as all cars have their quirks and I am more interested in long term reliability.
2	I bought the Outback because of the AW
2	We love this car overall.
1	It seems to get a lot of negative reviews but the motor has a lot of power, it has a very attractive interior and is built in the USA.
1	What more can you ask for from an suv?
2	The biggest complaint is that it is impossible to fit
2	I have owned this car since mid-December 2012 and have put ~2000 miles on it, driving in rain, snow, mud, streams, cold weather, and a few days of temperate weather.
2	The car has delivered on all expectations.
1	The interior is comfortable and roomy.
1	It is
2	Great car.
1	I think it has the potential to become a new Subaru flagship.
2	If you're really concerned about the lack of unneeded horsepower, I would wait for '14 - perhaps Subaru will add a V6 or 4-cyl turbo option.
2	Fell safe in it, great looking crossover !!!
1	This sporty crossover is a great find at this price point.
1	Overall this is a great vehicle.
1	I love it.
2	Wish it drove a bit quieter and was a bit quicker merging into highway traffic, but the tradeoff is great MPG and if those are the biggest complaints, I think it's a keeper!
2	Handles extremly well in all weather conditions (including snow), easy to drive and park both in urban/forest environment.
2	The luggage room is enough for most of the family trips.
1	Easy to handle and safe in case you have small children.
1	A great small sized crossover with appealing looks.
2	Great roomy interior with very good seating.
1	Typical Subaru built like a tank and should last for several hundred thousand miles.
2	We love this vehicle so far,our first AWD,and it has avery short turning radius and the ride is food for a small SUV
2	Regardless of the few   flaws  , I absolutely love it!
2	I have no regrets, I actually can't wait for this winter to drive it and know I'll be safe and able to get down our unplowed roads with ease.
1	I'd recommend this car over any similar car in it's class or pit it against any luxury vehicle offering a similar set-up.
2	I also drive a Jeep and a Ridgeline and they serve a different purpose and are fun vehicles also, but this is my little gas sipper a
2	Wound up buying a Limited due to very  limitedavailability after Hurricane Sandy, don't really feel leather, climate control or upgraded radio is necessary, for my taste anyway.
2	Also had idle issues with the car and got a new engine control module inst
1	Great looks, good handling, great gas mileage all of the bells and whistles.
2	Options that are easy to use and placed on the dash just right and where you expect them to be.
1	What is not to like??
1	Buy one!
1	:)
1	I would recommend it to anyone
2	Very disappointing car for the price paid.
1	Mitsubishi Outlander Sport, Mazda CX5 and even Nissan Juke a better alternative to this ca
1	Good car, you pay for the name but resale is part of that too.
2	Very pleased with my first Subaru.
1	I have been a Toyota nut for decades but that manufacturer has fallen into the American trap of  bigger is better .
1	After four 4-Runners I could not take the giant size of the latest offerings.
1	I wanted a car that was r
2	I am very pleased with this car so far.
2	I consistently get around 30 mpg, and have gotten 34.
2	I put some bikes on the back and that acted like a parachute so i only got 25 mpg that time.
1	That kind of mileage means it is no race car, but it gets down the
1	Love this car
2	love it!!!!!
2	We've only had the Crosstrek for a few weeks and it is Awesome.
2	It is fun to drive, has enough power to do what's needed.
2	Before we purchased we looked at many compact Crossovers and to get AWD with the features of the Crosstrek would cost $1000's more.
2	I've owned this car for about three months, and put around 2,500 miles on it.
1	So far this has been a fun car.
2	I bought it just as winter ended, so I haven't gotten to test it out in the snow yet.
2	In heavy rain it handled excellent.
1	It was like the roads
2	This is my second subie so far my wife and I like this vehicle no major complaints , we love Subaru very dependable rides.Best manufacture of vehicles , number one in consumer report,IIHS top safety pick.
1	This thing is solid, solid, solid
1	Great car
2	does evertthing i want
2	This is the vehicle I wanted from the start of my vehicle search, but would have been a little happier if I could have paid a little less.
1	I have always loved Subarus but still find them slightly overpriced.
1	In the long-term, I feel that I will not be di
2	nice crossover recomend to everone
2	The Dealership here in Louisville is fantastic.
1	Hands down better service than the Mercedes dealership trade in came from.
2	Dont promise what they don't deliver and very organized.
1	Buying any car, no matter how costly, is a compromise.
1	I have been through
1	I give it an A+++++
1	Again I feel like the XV is more meant for teenagers.
2	the rides a little bumpier so if you have a bad back it might not be the best thing for you.
2	The car isn't particularly fast at least with a launch, but it feels fast.
2	I can definitely go adventuring
1	I'm gonna get a lotta drivn time outa this XV Crosstrek, that's fo sho...I have to drive yr-round from LA to PTLD and havn this dependable, sure footed & all-weather vehicle to do it all in is a God-send !
1	Wouldn't have it any other way...thanx Subaru, u
2	I'm gonna get a lotta drivn time outa this XV Crosstrek, that's fo sho...I have to drive yr-round from LA to PTLD and havn this dependable, sure footed & all-weather vehicle to do it all in is a God-send !
2	Wouldn't have it any other way...thanx Subaru, u
1	Highly recommend
2	Great truck for the part-time person who hauls things around , very stylish looks great on the rode
1	A solidly built Nissan with a Suzuki warranty!
1	That's a sensible answer to a chlalengnig question
1	A great little truck!
2	Definitely the best value out there for the money....Believe me i took my time on this purchase.Not happy that other brands want to give you a 36 months warranty and,then sell you a $2,600.00 extended warranty.
2	I would buy it again!
1	Very capable and competent small SUV.
1	Worthy of a try.
2	Good value for money, no major problems, good off-road handling.
1	If you want a reliable truck, that is good on gas and i would last a long time buy a Suzuki, if you want pretty go somewhere else.
2	Reliable, excellent mileage for a truck and would buy again.
2	This is my 2nd unit.
2	First one was a 97 which I still drive.
2	The second one is a 2008 which i bought used 3 years ago.
1	good car cheap price
2	Would NOT buy this kind of car again!
1	Suzuki has done an outstanding job with the Kizashi.
2	My wife and I love this car and I expect to see them more and more on the road.
2	This car is simply AMAZING!
2	This car truly feels like a high-end German car, in that everything works together and makes you feel connected to the car.
2	Its steering is tight and communicative, its handling is razor-sharp, and its overall feel is positive
1	As a car enthusiast, engineer and master automobile technician, I I have driven and/or owned almost every car imaginable.I wanted an inexpensive AWD vehicle that would get reasonable fuel economy.
1	I came across the Kizashi by accident when looking for Su
1	I know some reviews mention  it lacks horse power.Please!.....Who says 89 gasoline and a K&N air filter can't be used?
2	The same people probably don't know how to manipulate the CVT either!You folks just know how to  floor it ... right?
1	I love this thin
1	Best car you've never heard of
2	 You can't buy this car anymore, but if you can find a good used one it's a unbelievable value.
2	I'm a huge fan off the size, style, sportiness, and comfort.
2	Shame on Suzuki for not knowing how to market a great car.
2	Great car not only for the money.
1	Safe as houses and performs well.
1	You could pay double and not have what this vehicle has.
1	ok but seriously considering a suburu or vw r
2	Great car get one before they are all gone
2	It's quick, and nimble.
2	I was taking 35 mile per hour curves, at about 60, and never had a second thought.
1	That's not like me!
2	it has a feel of a much more expensive auto, from the soft interior touch spots to the way it handles and drives.
1	And to the co
1	Great package if you want a car that is not around every corner like a subaru/ honda/ toyota.
1	Just a shame nobody knows more about this car.
2	I do a lot of driving for my job, so I rotate between multiple vehicles to spread the usage.
1	I always smile when it is the Kizashi's turn to get me around.
1	Since Suzuki has left the US market, any replacement vehicle I buy will be a letdown.
1	Suzuki announced in December that it was no longer selling cars in the USA.
2	I bought mine from a dealership with a Chrysler connection..
2	The dealership promised that parts should be available.
2	Race to a Suzuki dealer to get one before they're gone, for good.
1	You cannot go wrong with the Kizashi everyone say's thats a Suzuki !
1	But now that they are pulling out of the US market.
2	I will take extremely good car of this, A one of a kind automobile.
1	Thank You Suzuki
1	I love this car
1	Great car that has quality written all over it.
2	BESIDES I'LL BE SPENDING A FORTUNE ON TIRES IF SOMETHING ISN'T CORRECTED ITS A GREAT LITTLE CAR.
2	 I would recommend the Kizashi to anyone looking for a quality mid size sedan at a reasonable cost.
2	Solid car well built I just went swimming for 40 minutes forgot the key fob in my pocket and it still worked even though they said dont get wet.It was under water the whole time
2	I have owned car for 1 year and it has been a very capable performer
1	excellent sedan........excellent value
2	Suzuki's best kept secret that needs to be revealed to all ;)
1	A good work car
1	There is no better deal for a quality AWD anywhere.
1	Period.
1	I really do like this little car
1	Great idea (styling & features).
1	Terrible execution (poor reliability).
2	I bought this new in 2007, but this website is making me choose between 2011 & 2012.
2	Sold it in less than a year for AWD used Matrix, a better all around value
1	Can't believe they stopped making these in America.
1	Japanese designed small SUV.
2	I have the 6 speed model which gives descent pickup for a four wheel drive vehicle.
1	NICE VEHICLE TO BAD IT GOING OUT OF NORTH AMERICA.
2	I love it
2	This was the best car I have ever own - sadly, some punk decided to pull out in front of me and creamed my car which, by the way, I walked away from so the safety measures are as-like a Volvo
2	I own 2-SX4 crossover premiums and both perform well and recently tested performance in snow A+,AWD is best with nominal MPG loss 3.6 miles a tank full.
1	I get 25.4 city, my wife 24 city pretty good when you consider it's an AWD.
2	I've owned 6 Suzuki model
2	awesome small car.
2	Had a vibe and loved it.
1	this is a little shorter but heavier and more stable than the vibe.
1	Love AWD.
2	Great value for the $, AWD great in the snow,25.3 MPG in AWD Mode.Audio System great,superior braking and handling.
2	I own 2 SX4 Crossovers and both perform well.
1	Don't look for tons of room-it is essentially a small car with AWD.
2	Also, you'll sacrifice some trunk room-but the seats DO fold down for extra space.
2	If you want to get more than you paid for, this is the car.
1	The quality, styling, and features included are more than was expected at this price.
2	I'd buy again if I didn't step up to the Kizashi.
2	Pretty darn good car for the price so far.
1	Time will tell.
2	This is a small car and when buying a car like this don't expect a big car space or total comfort.
1	This car will do very well for what it is desighned for.
2	Great vehicle if you live in snowy climates, easy to get in and out of, and a great fun drive!
2	I love my Suzuki!
1	Recommend this car to anyone looking for something that is sharp looking and capable.
1	This is the same car as the Fiat Sedici in Europe.
2	Only owned mine 4 months, but nearing 9k miles.
2	have not had a single problem.
2	This car is fun to drive and has a great interior.
1	I am 6' and 300lbs.
1	and this has plenty of room for me.
2	Has plenty of power at all speeds and manuevers like a rally car.
1	Be
1	Best AWD for the price in the entire market, beats subarau by price almost $7000 (loaded version of each) least maintananced vechile in Japan, were they are the number one selling vechile.
1	It's a really good car except for the transmission trouble
2	you get a lot for a little.
1	Why not
1	none
2	Very pleased with my technology value pkg AWD mini-crossover...I highly rececommend it because I believe you get the best comfort, style, reliability, and performance compared to any other AWD vehicle at this price point!
1	Good Vehicle overall
2	Very good vehicle and fun to drive!
1	Well worth the price!
2	There is no better deal for a quality AWD anywhere.
1	Period.
1	I really do like this little car
1	Great idea (styling & features).
1	Terrible execution (poor reliability).
2	I bought this new in 2007, but this website is making me choose between 2011 & 2012.
1	Sold it in less than a year for AWD used Matrix, a better all around value
1	Can't believe they stopped making these in America.
1	Japanese designed small SUV.
2	I have the 6 speed model which gives descent pickup for a four wheel drive vehicle.
1	NICE VEHICLE TO BAD IT GOING OUT OF NORTH AMERICA.
1	I love it
2	This was the best car I have ever own - sadly, some punk decided to pull out in front of me and creamed my car which, by the way, I walked away from so the safety measures are as-like a Volvo
1	I own 2-SX4 crossover premiums and both perform well and recently tested performance in snow A+,AWD is best with nominal MPG loss 3.6 miles a tank full.
2	I get 25.4 city, my wife 24 city pretty good when you consider it's an AWD.
2	I've owned 6 Suzuki model
1	awesome small car.
2	Had a vibe and loved it.
1	this is a little shorter but heavier and more stable than the vibe.
1	Love AWD.
1	Great value for the $, AWD great in the snow,25.3 MPG in AWD Mode.Audio System great,superior braking and handling.
2	I own 2 SX4 Crossovers and both perform well.
2	Don't look for tons of room-it is essentially a small car with AWD.
2	Also, you'll sacrifice some trunk room-but the seats DO fold down for extra space.
1	If you want to get more than you paid for, this is the car.
1	The quality, styling, and features included are more than was expected at this price.
2	I'd buy again if I didn't step up to the Kizashi.
2	Pretty darn good car for the price so far.
2	Time will tell.
2	This is a small car and when buying a car like this don't expect a big car space or total comfort.
1	This car will do very well for what it is desighned for.
2	Great vehicle if you live in snowy climates, easy to get in and out of, and a great fun drive!
2	I love my Suzuki!
2	Recommend this car to anyone looking for something that is sharp looking and capable.
1	This is the same car as the Fiat Sedici in Europe.
2	Only owned mine 4 months, but nearing 9k miles.
2	have not had a single problem.
2	This car is fun to drive and has a great interior.
1	I am 6' and 300lbs.
2	and this has plenty of room for me.
2	Has plenty of power at all speeds and manuevers like a rally car.
1	Be
1	Best AWD for the price in the entire market, beats subarau by price almost $7000 (loaded version of each) least maintananced vechile in Japan, were they are the number one selling vechile.
1	It's a really good car except for the transmission trouble
1	you get a lot for a little.
1	Why not
1	none
1	Very pleased with my technology value pkg AWD mini-crossover...I highly rececommend it because I believe you get the best comfort, style, reliability, and performance compared to any other AWD vehicle at this price point!
1	Good Vehicle overall
2	Very good vehicle and fun to drive!
1	Well worth the price!
2	Overall this is a really solid feeling truck with ample room to take the whole family camping or to the lake, well still providing relatively good gas mileage for a larger SUV.
2	I refer to it as a truck because behind the wheel this is really what it feel
2	Great vehicle!
2	I traded in a chevy 3/4 ton diesel for this 4Runner after we sold our Fifth wheel.
2	The Toyota is easy to drive, park and fits in the garage.
1	Almost Scary how well it does off road and how smooth everything feels.
1	If you dont need to tow he
2	Overall I'm really happy with all aspects of this vehicle.
1	Dealer told me that this 5th gen 4runner is back to it's roots of being a 4runner and no longer on the path to family CUV like previous generations, I think I agree with this statelment.
1	I think
2	I loive this vehicle.
2	I perfer to drive it over my MB GL450
1	style ok
2	Love it!
2	Great vehicle.
2	Several 4runner's has been in my family since the late 80's, and those trucks lasted for years with alot of miles to show for great service.
1	Start computer!
2	Great truck that really holds its value, parts are abundant and reasonable price.
2	In addition very cheap to maintain runs off unleaded gasoline.
2	Excellent vehicle for off road use or on road touring.
2	 Lots of people notice, and get questions, wow, what is that?
2	We have a 1992 Camry XLE with 150,000 miles, never misses a beat.
1	I expect the same quality from the 4 Runner.
1	Toyota has never let us down.
1	I went to upgrade my LTD 05 to the new 2010 and was shocked.
2	keep in mind that i use my 4runner for boat hauling, fly fishing adventures, snowy ski trips, AND downtown business meetings.
1	Toyota takes its flagship LTD and strips most of the features that
2	So far best SUV I have owned!
1	Real body on frame SUV
1	Solid truck built for off-road, but regular driving feels like a chore.
2	Slow acceleration at low speeds, picks up at higher speeds.
2	Turns have to be negotiated slowly, unless you like that falling-of-the-seat sensation.
1	Braking is fast and secure, but yo
1	This is the SUV that I have been looking for the last 3 years.
2	The Explorer and Jeep were incredible vehicles, but I wanted a true truck to handle anything I can throw at it.
2	Great SUV, still body on frame, so it will do what others would LIKE to be able to do, and still do it in style.
1	Trail edition if you are serious off roader, SR5 if you are not looking to spend money, and Limited if you want it all.
2	Would highly recommend to others.
1	Real SUV
1	A great car!
1	I think that Toyota did a great job on the redesign, as I never considered purchasing the previous models because they were just too stodgy.
2	This car is a bargain.
1	Nicer than the Lexus and costs less.
2	Fantastic ride with a comfortable interior.
1	MPG is very impressive.
1	The best car under 40K hands down.
1	Plenty of space, plenty of options, interior is a huge upgrade from last years model.
1	Please check this car out after you have driven the rest.
2	You will buy an Avalon, a Lexus without the Lexus price tag.
1	2013 Toyota Avalon is a bold surprise from the Toyota brand.
1	This rendering of the Avalon gets more style and sleek lines flowing through-out the design body.
1	Wheels can be fitted from 17's to 18's and that chrome grill gives the Avalon some swagger.
1	Usi
1	Fast, fun , and smooth at high speeds.
1	really good car after all
2	Good car, love it!
2	I don't know where you'd find a better car in the low $30k price range.
1	I've tested & driven Buick Regal and Lacrosse, as well as Cadillac ATS (really small for my 6'1 frame), CTS, BMW & Lexus.
1	And for my money this car beats them all.
1	If you're hung up
1	It is a great looking vehicle and quiet.
2	my next car will definitely be from a different company
1	The Avalon is an unpretentious auto, that has surprising performance characterisitics, great quality, relevant features.
2	If I had to make a new car decision again, I would still opt for the Avalon.
2	If you get the Limited model, make sure you take your Smart Phone in the car and play something via bluetooth on the stereo OR bring in a CD that you know has a song with LOW Bass sounds and test your stereo with some Volume.
2	If the front speakers rattle
1	9.9
2	Toyota knocked it out of the park with this Avalon.
2	I would definitely buy another.
2	This is a super smooth, comfortable, fast, luxury sedan without the luxury price tag.
1	I think this car is a great buy.
2	This is my third Toyota and they have not disappointed me yet!
2	Best Automobile we have purchased in 30 years.
1	This is a very nice car.
1	It is not like the older models that are very sedate and   Buick-like  .
1	The new body style and design are very nice.
1	excellent
1	nice car
1	This is an amazing vehicle.
1	It has every thing you could ask for, comfort,style, economy and easy of the pocket book.
2	We researched and shopped for 3 months before purchasing.
2	In our opinion this was by far the best value in it's class without breaking t
2	If they would fix the road noise issue and make the radio and speaker system as good as the gm and chrysler products they would have a winner.
1	These items make supposedly Toyota's top of the line car not such a great driving experience
2	A great car that feels and looks good.
1	Spacious well-appointed interior.
2	Very comfortable road car that gets great gas mileage.
2	 A power upgrade would be nice.
2	Great car
2	Love our car.
1	I think it's a great cruz!
2	Love how it handles the road.
1	Beautiful car!
1	Toyota did a great job with the redesign for their flagship.
1	I love it.
1	Shares many parts wuth Lexus, so if you don't require the   prestige nameplate, Avalon is a better choice.
2	Recommended
1	I rent and drove it for 5 days and 800 miles.
2	It feels like a strong, smooth, and high quality car.
1	As mentioned above, they tried to add some fancy touch screen and A/C control.
1	But they failed at this point, in my opinion.
2	A great car, I love it and enjoy the driving experience.
1	It seems priced right and I expect to see more on the raod.
2	As of yet I have not seen another on the road.
1	Great job Toyota for working hard on the all new redesigned Avalon its just smaller for a large vehicle but saw few on the road and website its a beautiful car someone was in the market for a $40,000-$50,000 car i would talk them into buying a Avalon.
1	It
1	I love the looks of this vehicle.
2	It corners excellently and practically drives its self.
1	SKILLFULL%20DESIGN
1	This car has everything that one could ask for in a vehicle.
1	Cross traffic warning, blind spot warning, dynamic radar cruise control, loads of air bags, great headlights, extremely comfortable seats, tons of room inside, a large trunk for a hybrid.
1	And,
1	For the same $$, buy a Cadillac!
2	Fantastic lines, great ride, opulent comfort level and stellar fuel economy.
1	The car is plain old fun to drive.
2	We traded in our 2007 Avalon Limited for this updated model and simply love it.The V6 had way more get up and go than the Hybrid (duh), and we liked that, so we'll just pay gas for that 'feature'.Styling is a bit blah compared to other cars, but we're ok
2	We love the car and actually purchased it over a Lexus ES 350 and Mercedes E-350, which left our pocket book $20K + richer.The technology built into the car is overwhelming.
2	The car comes with several well documented manuals for the owner.
2	Two months lat
2	This is my second Avalon.
2	My experience with the 2013 would cause me to get another one.
2	i had a 2008 love it !!!!
1	go back to that ride
1	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!
1	LOVE THE GOOGLES!!
1	LOVE THE STYLE!!
2	LOVE THE HANDLE!!
1	The 2013 Toyota Hybrid Limited (top of the line with all features) Avalon is very stylish, has great acceleration, and handles beautifully.
2	This car gets lots of attention and honk
1	A   Wow vehicle fit for   Old Turkeys  like me and   Young Cats looking for fun and one heck of a vehicle.
1	LOve this vehicle
1	love it...
2	Love this car for value, handling, and overall performance.
1	Overall a great car and worth the price.
1	It is basically the Lexus ES 300h without the $5K extra for the badge.
1	A professional reviewer said that the Lexus ES looks like the box the Avalon came in, since he thought the Avalon had better styling.
1	I have b
1	A   Wow vehicle fit for   Old Turkeys  like me and   Young Cats looking for fun and one heck of a vehicle.
2	39-40 MPG will improve our economy 30% over 06 Avalon and we were pleased with that as other cars than made 25.
1	Today other cars make 28-31 in this class
2	9.9 Having owned and or driven every luxury car made in US over the last 40 years along wityh top of the line Mercedes, BMW,and Jag.I consider this to be the finest auto made.
1	I have owned autos that excelled in one or maybe two areas( performance, ride,
1	Toyota is on the right path, now give us a Venza Hybrid!
2	For the past 17 years I have owned a BMW convertible and a Mercedes Benz.
1	This car is as much fun as either of those.
1	But, it uses regular gas, is much quieter and its technology makes it safer
2	A fantastic car to own and drive.
1	It is luxurious and well appointed.
1	It has all the bells and whistles, at a lower price, and lower insurance than the luxury name cars.
1	Great for the environment.
1	I really like that it is a hybrid.
2	No charging station ne
2	I honestly don't know why the Toyota Avalon Hybrid is not on more Top Ten lists for fuel efficient vehicles.
1	I was looking for a nice-looking sedan with room enough for all to comfortably fit - this fits the bill wonderfully.
2	Previously, I've owned a BMW
1	Rides well and drives well.
1	outstanding
2	Best vehicle I ever owned.
1	A significant improvement to the old less stylish Avalon.
1	It takes on an appearance very similiar to higher priced Lexus, Audi and Jaguar automobiles.
2	I purchased one for my wife on a recent weekenc and liked it so much I went back and leased another for
2	Highly recommend - beautiful ride.
2	I had a Prius.
2	Its like going from a Cobalt to a Cadillac.
1	Liked the Prius love the Avalon.
1	Not much difference in MPG.
2	Prius gets 50MPG going easy but so can the Avalon.
1	At 80mph I got 41MPG with the Prius and 43.4 with the Avalon.
1	Everyday driving I go
2	For this car purchase, I only considered hybrid cars.
2	I wanted something with great MPG but was also well-appointed.
1	This car definitely meets those 2 criteria.
2	I'm getting about 41 MPG, about 50/50 split between highway and city.
1	That's based on a manua
2	A quality touring sedan that's a pleasure to drive with outstanding gas mileage in hybrid trim.
1	An extremely nice vehicle.
1	The gold-standard in where all manufacturers should be aiming in comfort, handling, room for a family, and fuel economy.
2	I Highly Recommend this car
2	Would do it again but maybe XLE just for the seating but all the extras were not worth the $$ for us.
2	Always get 40 to 42 mpg as calculated by me and not the automatic system.
1	I really like this car, it fit my needs quite well.
2	So far no rattles in 1 year usage (11,000 miles).
2	Absolutely rock solid at this point.
2	Very comfortable driving.
2	Comfy comfy ride for passengers.
2	This is a great car.
1	Averaging 40MPG around town and up and down hills.
1	Voice activation a plus!
1	Great audio....
2	Before the Camry I owned the 2008 Prius and the take-off power with the Camry is significantly better and feels equivalent to my V8 Dodge Ram truck.
2	Also the transition from engine to electric only is a lot smoother than the prius (barely noticeable) and
2	Just a sweet vehicle, I got an XLE Hybrid with all the options.
2	At this point I'm getting 40-41 mpg--unbelievable for a car this powerful.
2	Has great interior and feature-packed dash.
2	Very roomy--i'm 6'3and 300
2	Overall Excellent Value for the money, Best overall Hybrid vehicle after doing months of research
2	This is a great car with remarkable pick-up for a Hybrid.
1	It has seating for 5 adults comfortably and reasonable size trunk space.Terrific auto !!
2	Just a great economical family car that does everything well and gets great mileage.
1	Excellent car, and an outstanding value.
1	it is very good car For its class and price and also provided in the fuel and also the force that provided her a very good quality materials from the inside
1	I wouldn't buy this car even with a $10,000 rebate.
1	I don't care that it has the   Toyota name or not... That alone doesn't make it a good car!
2	I love my Corolla 14!!!
2	It's a great car overall.
2	I enjoy driving it and it gets great mileage.
2	Again my only complaints are with being misled on some features and not having others offered to me, but that is on the dealer.
2	This is the best car I have ever owned.
2	It is great to drive and I feel so safe in it.
2	It's a great car.
2	I really think it's the best one yet.
2	Great power for lane changes unlike the 13 (which I did also own) it will def get you out of a spot.
2	Gas is amazing, I can drive and drive and the needle won't move.
1	Led headlight are by far more exciting to look eit
2	Work in city and live in suburbs, never a complaint on gas mileage, power, style, reliability.
1	Best car on the road.
1	Not too big, not too small.
2	This 2014 drives nothing like the 2013 Corolla.
1	It also doesn't look like a Corolla.
2	It drives like a dream and the inside is GORGEOUS.
2	I have Bluetooth and the awesome back up camera that has come in handy already!
2	All in all I am very pleased with this
1	So far this is the best car i tested
2	I am very pleased with this car.
2	It has all of the features I was searching for and more.
2	The built in camera and blue tooth is very convenient.
2	My kids are also content and like my car because it is easy to learn how to use and has simple instructions.
1	Great Car
2	Great car
2	I hope the 14 will run for 20 years like my 94 has.
2	Best car I ever owned
2	Buy one!!!
2	You won't be sorry.
1	If you want a dependable and capable off road vehicle (make sure to have the locking differential, worth every dime), then the FJ is your best bet for the money.
1	Excellent!
2	Solid capable feel - feels like a tank that can do anything, and go anywhere.
2	Can't wait to go camping in it.
2	I bought the manual transmission and was kind of disappointed in the 12 mpg I got.
2	While it was fun to drive, I'd recommend the Auto if you buy one.
2	The only time the gas mileage changed was when we pulled a 2,700 lb featherlight camper trailer and we ac
2	I just got mine and loving every minute of it!
1	2014 is the last year that this car will be in production.
1	Whats up with that toyota!?!
1	But got the the 2014.
1	So i will take care and enjoy this beast everywhere.
1	The FJ Cruiser is a wonderful vehicle for small families or the avid outdoor enthusiast.
1	The absence of interior carpet makes for easy clean up without sacrificing style or comfort.
2	This vehicle is a reliable friend in ugly weather, powering through snow
2	Don't just buy this vehicle for its looks.
2	It's a keeper.
1	I can go darn near anywhere.
1	Love it.
1	Buy one of your own.
1	The overall styling, drive, and off-road capabilities of the FJ make it an SUV to love.
2	I can't speak more highly of the engineering of this truck.
2	I am so glad that I didn't take the  negativereviews of the professionals all that seriously and went wi
2	Owing a FJ is a blast and you can take them anywhere.
1	Beaches - no problem.
2	Off Road - The FJ starts drooling at the idea of going Off Road.Mud - The FJ slurps mud and spits it out with ease.
1	Snow - Ha the FJ smirks at snow.
1	Rain - please this is an FJ a
1	Traded a 2008 Lexus RX350 for 2013 Toyota Highlander Limited.
2	You pay for the name Lexus, yes some of the features are a little plusher on the Lexus but it isn't worth the cost.
2	If you want a reliable and luxurious SUV under 40k, this is a good place to start.
2	Overall though I am 100% pleased.
1	I must add that the Toyota service has been great too.
1	Very Professional.
2	I would give it a ten!
2	If I had to buy another tomorrow, it would be another Highlander.
2	Would buy another Highlander today.
2	Saftey is most important when it comes to my family, the Highlander proved it was worth the money
2	Saftey is most important when it comes to my family, the Highlander proved it was worth the money
2	Buy it !
1	from a previous 2003 bmw x5 owner.
1	I love toyota; get the v6!
1	Just go buy it please you wont regret it
2	You can keep you Lexus..I'll take the Highlander Limited any time!
1	Cheap materials and poor workmanship.
1	too new to rate
2	If you want room to haul kids and gear with a great ride, this is the vehicle for you.
2	JUST GO BUY IT, YOU WONT REGRET IT, I SAW THE 2014 AT THE NEW YORK SHOW AND IT LOOKS LIKE A RAV 4 ON STEROIDS, IT LOOKED FANTASTIC.
2	great car for the family we feel safe in it
2	This was the first brand new vehicle my husband and I purchased (I'm 24 he's 28).
2	We have two kids and were looking for a vehicle that had the optional third row seating and for me a/c vents in the third row was a must.
1	Looked at many 7 seater optional v
2	Excellent purchase and value
1	Excellent ride.
1	Great for short or long trips.
2	I use it for business and love it.
2	This is my second Highlander and it saves me lots of fuel and service costs over my previous Jeep Grand Cherokees (had 6).
1	Good choice SUV
2	Suits our needs and wonderful crossover.
2	I'll review more in the future after more miles.
1	Good overall first impressions.
1	I'm expecting Toyota quality and dependability.
1	Ok for a mid -sized SUV, needs to be restyled.
2	2nd Landcruiser purchased, 1st was a 2009 and thisseems a little quieter inside.
2	Use on beach surf fishing.No problem thru snow or sand.
1	Love the waythis vehicle holds its value
2	Best of all cars I have owned and they number 14.
2	Great SUV, we did two long trips from Texas to Redwoods CA and to West Virginia... really a great one to own....
1	Great Vehicle
1	Love it!
2	My wife and I are in our seventies and purchased this vehicle more for its comfort, safety features, and stability on the highway than the all terrain features.
2	We have owned three other Toyotas in the past and never had any negative problems.
1	R
2	Excellent, safe, reliable, and durable vehicle.
2	I go everywhere in my cruiser.
2	I have had 5 now and this is my first with the 5.7.
2	Pulls all my toys great and works well in sand or ice.
2	Have used winch a few times to get me out of swamp and it just kept on going.
2	Worth every penny.
2	Driven my in all kinds of weather.
2	Solid as a rock
1	I love all of the safety features of the vehicle.
1	It is a very comfortable and quite ride - either in the city or on the highway.
2	The vehicle handles very well and is a joy to drive.
2	AN EXCELLENT CAR EVERY BODY SHOULD DRIVE
2	Best auto Ive ever owned of this type,.
2	sporty enough, practical and reliable.
1	too bad they are D/C d after 2013.
1	Get the ones left, you wont be sorry.
1	Best car for the price.
1	Great value for worry free performance and reliability!
2	Overall, I am very pleased with my Toyota Prius II.
2	Despite some harsh criticism, the Prius has been an excellent, reliable family car that has saved me time and money.
2	The Blue Tooth is great and the basic audio system just fine for me.
1	Under better cir
2	Excellent car, every home has to have one, you will save a lot
2	I would never buy any other car but another prius I have had 20 brand new cars during my life from Lincoln mark 7 to volkswages to 5 buicks and others will only but Toyota from now on
2	Great car and we get 60 miles to the gallon We are senior citizens and we enjoy the not having to spend money on gas
2	I have owned 3 new Priuses and had very good fuel mileage with my 2010 and 2011 Prius.
2	My new 2013 Prius does not do very good on fuel mileage, especially on the road.
2	I have close to 7000 miles on it and I think it should be doing much better.
1	When it i
2	This is the most technologically advanced car I have ever owned and we plan on getting many years of clean economical driving out of it.
2	For those with a 20 mile or less commute, it is an outstanding choice.
2	Very good car that serves my needs really well.
2	It's great for short (EV mode) and long trips (HV mode), it saves a lot of money on gas, and it's just so fun to drive it on electricity!
1	I would suggest to everybody to try out the Prius, it is real nice every week to go to the gas pump after 525 miles and only put in 9 gallons each time!!!
1	Learn how to drive this car.
1	Discounts are high if you research.
2	This is my 3rd one.
2	2013 discount of $3000 off plus 0% saved me another $1700.
2	Total savings $4700 not counting gas savings.
1	The vehicle list was just over 25,000.
1	Be smart and save.
1	This i
2	Downsized from a 15 mpg 2005 Honda Pilot to a 2013 Prius II that I bought for a very reasonable $20,995 + tax.
2	Two rental car experiences at 48 mpg led me to the change.
2	Owned too many cars to mention, but the Prius is one of my favorites (just under the
2	After having owned the Cmax for 10 months and 15K miles, I traded it in for this Prius.
2	My goal was to get a gas sipper that had a good safety rating.
2	So I traded for the Prius.
2	And I'm glad I did.
1	Despite negative reviews for things like its aging looks
2	After 2 years and 60k miles - we made the best choice - saved so much $$$ - both Prius' we own are fantastic not one repair or maint issue after all these miles - I expect to get 300,000 miles on these cars.
1	It says 2012 but our 3 cars are 2011 - did not
2	i am still smiling and enjoying the ride (even knowing that i am driving to work).
2	Love the smart key and door touch locking.
1	Hybrid is the way to go, just makes sense.
2	(gas station once a month).
2	I sent a Thank You Note to Toyota.
1	and if any Toyota Peop
2	So far all of our experience with this Prius have been positive.
2	Just took a trip and it was smooth sailing, Gas mileage is in the high 40  s. Best I've ever had.
1	Gas saver machine.
1	My daughter told me to look at the prius.
1	So I rented one for a weekend trip.
2	I got 56 MPG at 65 MPH for 200 miles & 53 MPG at 70 MPH coming back.
1	The car suprised me how well it drove & how nice it was.
2	I bought one the next week.This car is designed fo
2	If you often take short trips of 15 miles or less this is the car for you.
2	The hatchback and rear seat fold down to produce a massive amount of storage capacity.
2	The technology in the car is amazing.
2	With a regular plug in it takes only 3 hours to rechar
1	The plug-in is a vast improvement to the Prius concept.
1	PS I will try to keep updating my review!
2	Well worth the money if nothing else in the gas savings alone.
1	I get over 50 miles per gallon on a regular basis.
1	Plus it is good for the environment.
2	Exactly what I was looking for better than I expected!!
2	Overall I am very pleased and am already planning for my next one.
1	Great car!
1	not good for my use
1	Excellent.
2	would/will buy again when this one is no longer driveable.
2	I have owned toyota vehicles since 1997 and have always been satisfied.
2	Great product for the money
2	Best and most efficient vehicle I have ever had.
2	I love my new Prius!
1	I would highly recommend this car to anyone without reservations.
2	First car I have owned that Del.
2	what the Manufactory promised, and I have owned a lot of cars.
2	The only regret is not buying 10 years ago.
1	I love this car overall.
2	I have owned the Prius (package 2/II) 2005, 2008, 2011, and now the Persona 2013 (Black Cherry is awsome).
2	The 2013 is by far a superior product although I miss my 2005 for other reasons.
2	Previous to owning a Prius, I owned a 199
2	I have owned my Prius III for just over 1000 miles which is hardly enough time to give an extensive review, but enough to give a fair first impression.
1	To be honest the Prius is the only car I considered.
1	I drive 65+ miles to work and back, and really wa
1	Outside of the great turning radius and the glitz of the instrumentation, you cannot call this car  fun to drive .
1	Its trunk space appears to be limited, maybe due to the battery/mechanicals underneath (it's shallow).
1	It's very slow to accelerate in ECON
2	This is my second Prius, the first one I drove for 7 years with no problems.
2	I bought the new one fully loaded and haven't regreted my decision for a moment.
1	The Leather Seats have memory foam inside them.
1	They are one of the most comfortable car seats I
1	I would give this car a 10 and highly recomend this to anyone.
2	The PriusC is a great car, it gets great gas mpg.
2	It drives excellant, It is a good car to own.
2	I have owned a few small car and this is the best one of all , 53 to 55 mpg to and from work .
1	From the store on one trip of 9 .5 miles I got 71 mpg .
2	Great little car , does what I need it to do .
1	Excellent car for driving in the city
2	Twenty-five hundred kilometers on it so far and I am still over the moon.
2	Averaging 60 miles to the Imperial gallon, nimble in town and great legs on the highway.
2	As Goldilocks said, this one is just right!
1	First, the fuel economy.
2	I purchased this vehicle with a very specific purpose in mind and it has been exactly what I needed it to be.
2	I drive roughly 100 miles per day and make a 500+ mile trip once a month or so...lots of miles, and it's usually just m
2	first new car, and it was such a wise choice.
1	Better on gas, safer, more updated features.
2	definintely the right car for me.
1	I like this car.
2	It may not be the sportiest or fastest car in town but it is fun to drive, has great mileage and has extended service life.
1	The car takes some getting used to because of its quirks (hybrid based I think) but once you know how to drive it
2	Great economical car
2	Buy it.
1	Great car, probably most economical option for a small car when figured with the hybrid fuel savings.
2	Wish they hadn't gone cheap with some of the stuff normally considered standard now.
1	Overall, you will find owners are much happier with this car than the magazines and reviewing  professionalshave graded it.
2	Its some of the most bang for the buck you can get for a full hybrid vehicle that can do electric-only driving below 30-40 mph f
2	I would definitely buy another one.
1	Can't wait until the plug in model is available in Michigan.
1	I give it a 10 rating.
1	Excellent car.
2	I highly recommend this car.
2	It drives like a luxury vehicle - very smooth handling on the road.
2	I bought this vehicle because I wanted a small wagon that got good gas mileage with ample cargo space to haul all of our stuff to our vacation home in the summer.
1	The Prius V accomplished both tasks.
1	There is a lot of cargo space in the Prius V as well a
2	Would recommend this car to anyone looking for a gas sipping cross country hauler.
2	The car rides well and gets excellent gas mileage and the bells and whistles associated with the audio, Bluetooth, and built-in GPS are wonderful - easy to set-up and easy to use.
1	Excellent vehicle!
2	Highly recommend it!
1	Bought one of the first Prius V produced...was anxiously waiting for it.
2	Overall, I love the vehicle and have recommended it to many people.
2	It can be somewhat confusing to go between my wife's Camry Hybrid and the Prius with the different gear shifts...
2	This is a great car if you can get over the weak engine struggling when you need to accelerate for highway or city driving.
2	Owned for 2 weeks.
1	It's surprising roomy on the inside.
1	I've always driven SUVs and it has that sort of spacing on the inside.
1	I have a family of 5 with a son who is 6'2.
2	He sat in the seat behind me (I'm '6) and didn't complain at all.
2	The back seat sli
2	I like this car - have had it a little over a year without any problems.
2	Drove it from Texas to Virginia and back with 2 adults, 1 child, and 2 dogs and was comfortable and roomy.
2	Don't miss stopping for gas every 4 or 5 days!
2	Excellent car great MPG's lots of cargo room give it a   10 in spite of the flaws.
2	I just recomimend it for someone who wants reliableble transportationi.
2	I'm really happy with this vehicle, would recommend it over all the similar station wagon type cars I looked at.
2	Driving a   hybrid turned out to be easy, love the gas savings too.
2	I'm really happy with this vehicle, would recommend it over all the similar station wagon type cars I looked at.
2	Driving a   hybrid turned out to be easy, love the gas savings too.
2	Excellent car.
1	Great car in a good price range
2	great vehicle
1	We spent a lot of time researching & test driving different models.
1	We considered the Honda CRV, Ford Escape, and Hyundai Santa Fe.
2	When we looked at all the  details- it was the QUALITY that sold us on the RAV
2	Frankly, I felt like I was riding a hearse, yet alone an SUV.
1	No SU (Sport Utility) here; just another  Soccer Momvehicle for the urban/suburban city slickers/masses.
2	I have an original version from the 1990's and closing in on 500,000 miles with only
2	Have only had this car for two weeks so far but love it in mostly every respect.
1	It rides like its on rails and I prefer the stiffness.
1	Anxious to take a long trip to see what the gas mileage is.
1	Not impressed with non-highway miles thus far....avg.
1	is a
1	If your looking for a cheap price below retail msrp go for the Ford Escape .
1	If your looking for long term reliability pay the difference buy the Toyota.
1	Ford talks quality but just is not the truth.
1	Ford still has been small problems with items like int
2	Despite the cons, when comparing the RAV4 to other SUVs, I keep coming back to the RAV4.
2	I have NEVER had a RAV4 (except for battery dying) break down.
1	Quality and reliability are always superb with respect to mechanics, safety, and interior/exterior mat
2	sharp looking and great SUV for the price
2	Had a 2010 Rav4 Sport-really liked the car, but ride was too stiff with Sport suspension and run flat tires.
2	My new XLE rides smmoth, seats are more comfortable and interior is upgraded.
2	2010 Rav had tiny backup camera in rear view mirror, now pic is on
1	Styling, dash controls, the power of the engine and the options are great, well satisfied.
2	Overall its' a nice ride, Things can be changed or upgraded, Its' a first year model remake, so they can work out the bugs.
2	Hopefully this will last me for a long time.
2	I can live with it..
1	I'm new to the Toyota family so we'll see..
1	I havent been able t
1	Good looking exterior.
2	The right size for a small active family.
2	Very disappointed in Toyota quality on this Rav4.
2	Im not totally satisfied with this car.
2	I had this as a rental while my 2012 escape was being looked at (not fixed, just looked at for the 3rd time) I fell in love with it.
1	I never even considered test driving a RAV4.
1	Now Im considering buying one!
1	You can never be wrong choosing RAV4
2	I never did want to get a crossover, but my wife did and she deserves what she wants.
1	Of the 5 we test drove we were on agreement the RAV4 was it.
1	If you are in the market for a crossover, for some reason, put the 2013 on your compare list.
2	Very fun car to drive, The 2.5L had more getup-n-go then I expected.
2	Also the dealer experience was very pleasant.
1	This is a great vehicle.
2	Drives and handles well, nicely styled and sporty, has great space and controls, with good gas mileage.
2	Styling, dash controls, the power of the engine and the options are great, well satisfied.
2	great car
1	might as well take the bus than buy this car, waste of money
2	The new rav4 has improved in seating comfort and driving position, but acceleration is just adequate with eco mode off, and downright slow with it on.
1	Interior materials are not what I expected, and while I prefer the liftgate to the swingout door, inter
1	One interesting observation is that everyone that my wife and I have met who own RAV4s have only positive things to say about them.
2	Based on what I've experienced in my newer 2013 model, I am pleased with the vehicle but am waiting for the inevitable dee
1	The right car at the right price is usually hard to find.
1	Toyota has done an amazing job with the new Rav4 and it can be loaded with all the bells and whistles that you want at a price that you can afford.
1	Perfect for me at age 64 for traveling , shopping, flea markets, and just enjoying myself!
1	the best small SUV on the market
1	While this isn't my dream car ( Audi A8), this is an awesome car.
2	So very glad I bought it!
2	*I love mine after 1 full month Very happy I bought it!
1	Great Vehicle in its class.
2	Great to own, fun to drive.
2	super nice to drive
2	would recommend this vehicle
2	Overall very happy after 3000 miles.
2	MPG could always be better, but Im getting a solid 28 on the highway.
2	It takes some time to get used to the 4 cylinder power - but in reality its quite peppy due to the gearing.
2	The ride is a bit choppy, but chock thi
1	Lots of new features from the old Rave 4
2	Great handling
1	A lot of car for the value.
1	2013 Limited Rav4.
2	If you are looking for something bigger than a car, but not as big as an suv.
1	This is a great little suv.
2	Nice style, Toyota quality for the most part, but just feels overall cheaper then previous models, not as solid.
1	A great vehicle - excellent redesign.
2	We are very happy with it.
2	good for kids and seniors
2	I am a very happy owner!
1	make sure that vehicle warranty covers all vehicle SENSORS
2	Great value for the money in all aspects.
1	Great value for the money in all aspects.
1	Excellent vehicle
1	change ridges on top of front fenders.
1	Flatten them out.
2	Great bang for the buck, I almost bought a Subaru and hadn't even considered the RAV4.
1	One drive is all it took.
2	A near excellent vehicle.....
1	Sporty looking but also very classy looking.
2	I have the 2013 Toyota Rav4 Limited.
2	Will never go back to a sedan model!
2	The Rav has a lot of pep, and handles beautifully on turns!
1	Overall very satisfied with both Toyotas.
1	Handle very well.
1	Quite satisfied.
1	If comparing to a Honda CRV see if the emergency brake foot pedal impedes your foot from resting completely on the dead pedal as it did for me.
2	The RAV4 eliminates the concern by offering a hand lever instead, much better.. No reason to consider the Hond
1	Excellent.
2	Love the looks and handling.
1	Overall a nice suv
1	This is a fun vehicle to drive and the gas mileage is great.
2	Overall I am very pleased with the RAV 4
2	I previously owned a 2004 RAV4 and never had any trouble out of it.
1	I believe this one will also exceed my expectations!
2	Great vehicle for those seeking small SUV and good mileage only.
1	If you wish a bit of sport and towing capability, sorry about that.
1	Typical automaker new age approach.
1	Limit the offerings to maximize production efficiencies and reduce builder cost.
1	Revi
2	Has all I need for lifestyle driving, both in-town and on the road.
1	I closely compared the Sienna, Odyssey, and Grand Caravan before purchasing.
1	The Sienna has the best reliability, acceleration, build quality, and better bang for the buck than the Odyssey.
1	The engine is refined, and provides outstanding performance comp
1	We rented this minivan for a little less than two weeks.
1	While I was mostly a passenger during this time, I did get a chance to drive it.
2	The Sienna was not lacking in power, and it handles as you would expect a minivan to.
1	We averaged 22 mpg with a heav
1	An excellant choice for a minivan!!!!!!!!!!
2	I would rate the Sienna tops for a minivan.
1	It's a luxury van that will do what it was intended to do.
1	In style.
1	Try it you'll like it!
1	Rides nicely , comfy spacious really nice van.
1	One of the best Van on the market
2	I have owned Minivans since they first came into the market,I must say we have come a long ways from when it started.
1	I have no hesitation in recommending the Sienna, given it's quality and the history of Toyota reliability.
1	another plus- Service from ou
1	
2	Bought my first Tacoma Aug. 2013 last week received recall notice informing me that the top of the engine has to be ripped off to replace all the valve springs.
1	Vehicle has 1400 miles on it.
1	Called Toyota and they informed me the remedy would cost me not
2	The things that I find wrong with this vehicle can be fixed and seem to be minor.
2	The overall ride and handling are great and true to the Toyota name.
2	I'm in the process of getting some of the cons fixed..I hope anyway.
2	I purchased the Tacoma Double cab with TRD off-road pkg for $430 below invoice.
2	That said, this truck is great even with the cons noted.
1	I compared the Nissan Frontier with the Tacoma when shopping for a smaller truck.
2	I liked the look and feel of the in
2	I still bought the Tacoma.
2	Yes, preferred the Nissan ride more.
1	But preferred the Tacoma in almost every other way.
1	It is not a small truck, it is clearly mid-sized.
2	Not having Satellite Radio capability is perplexing.
1	Nice looking, solid truck.
2	I got the TRD sports package and love the way it looks.
1	If you are looking for solid reliable transportation, and need to tow 5,000lbs, its tough to beat this truck.
2	I wanted a fuel sipping truck that could still tow, carry and be reliable for a long time and i feel i hit the nail on the head!
2	Very satisfying vehicle for my use except for not having intermittent wipers.
1	Seems like a small issue but try driving in rain conditions on a 3 hr.
2	trip toggling the switch constantly to clear small amounts of rain.
2	Best truck I have ever owned !
2	Great truck, looks good, drives good and will last forever
2	I personally couldn't be more pleased with my new truck.
2	This vehicle is truely worth the price!
1	I highly recommend this if you want a pickup but dont need a big pickup like an F150 or any of that size pickups.
1	Overall I consider the PreRunner a well made truck.
2	Lots of features that others don't have, but the ones that it does have could have been improved to keep customer in mind.
1	If you are looking for a good mid-size truck with great resale value.
2	And has been proven to be very reliable, I would choosea Tacoma.
1	Excellent truck.
1	Great resale value
2	I like this vehicle very much, it takes time to get use to the size of it.
2	even though I got screwed on the car trade which we all do I would highly recommend this vehicle
2	Best truck I've ever owned...so long Silverado!
2	If you want a truck that's got all the bells and whistles, is realiable, gets good fuel economy and can still tow a fair amount this is the truck for you.
1	I still have a soft spot for the ford eco-boost how
2	Traded my 2005 Tacoma Double Cab 4x4 Long Bed SR5 I bought brand new off the lot in OCT 2005 for a 2013 Tacoma Double Cab 4x4 Long Bed TRD Sport brand new off the lot in FEB 2013.Reason (My Opinions) why I gave the following categories a score of 10.Styl
2	ONE WORD - BEST !!!!!!
2	Great truck tows my implement trailer (lawnmowers) like theres nothing there.
2	I would recommend this truck to anyone that needs a truck and wants to get decent mileage.
1	I don't know how anyone would be disappointed.
1	Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Perfect truck For me!
2	I LOVE IT
2	Great truck for the money, traded in a 2011 scion tc which i bought new as well and it was the best idea i have had.
2	The car was fantastic but owning a tacoma is just something peopel should experience.
2	Great syle, great milage, good off road handling, a
1	I feel like I'm riding in a car.
2	Never would have thought a truck could feel so refined.
2	Traded in my 2011 scion tc for this truck, and has a 10x smoother ride than the tc.
1	great, great great.
1	Great truck for the money and performance
1	Look elsewhere if you live in a cold climate.
2	Overall, I simply can't reccomend this truck, the value is just not there.
2	My dealership replaced both air induction pumps free of charge, of course, but rushed me in and out like I was part of some covert operation..which I guess I was.
1	How this problem
2	I would dare to say this is the best 4x4 on the road period.
2	The big three need to take notice as this truck will out perform them
1	Great vehicle.
2	I would recommend it to anyone who wants a great truck.
1	Unlike the person that thinks this is an expensive vehicle to maintain, it is actually cheaper (free for the first 25K miles) than our Honda civic and Jeep was/is to maintain.
2	This is my second Tundra and after reviewing all the trucks in this segment th
1	tough trucks
1	I'm think I'll buy the full loaded double cab 4x4
2	Love my Tundra I traded a 2012 Tundra 4.6 4x2 for it only lost about 1 mpg.
2	The 5.7 I have now is much more powerful.
1	I will probably never buy anything other then a Toyota.
1	Gas mileage runs from 16.5 to 18.5.
1	I have owned Saleen Mustangs,G.T.Mustangs, a
2	Awesome buy, would recommend to anyone!
2	Even though the truck is a bit outdated, build quality makes up for its short coming.
1	If you can.
1	wait for the major redesign in in 2016.
1	Expect to see new a revised frame, new engines, and better MPG.
1	Great truck!
2	Excellent truck, very comfortable and great looks.
1	Terrible with gas, I have never been able to get over 189 miles with a full fuel tank (that's even not using the AC, I don't like It).
1	Also, worst trade in value if you go to Toyota regardless if you wan
2	I'm pleased; no government motors in my near future!
1	Rock-solid truck built to last.
2	If you are looking to buy a truck, do yourself a favor and take a look at the Tundra.
1	Had hoped to do better with gas mileage, but vehicle performs within advertised range.
2	Be prepared for a firm ride...corners well, handles like cars that have a much lower stance.
1	Good looks, practical, performs well, and durable.
1	Would recommend.
1	Review
1	We own the car since 31 days, we had to go to dealer 3 times to fix problems and the VENZA is still not available.
1	It had not performed to full specification a single day since delivery.Me and my wife have bought this vehicle blinded by our previous expe
2	I believe this is a very good vehicle for someone who needs the versatility of an SUV without sacrificing the gas milage and handling of a larger vehicle.
1	It is clearly a modern day station wagon.
2	For me, it has exceeded my expectations.
1	I will definitel
1	Compare carefully before you buy this vehicle.
2	I test drove many cars, cross-overs and SUVs before I settled on my Venza 10 months ago.
2	Given what I paid for it and the subsequent low cost to own this car (insurance, registration, fuel costs, etc.)
2	I am so glad I purchased it.
2	I would do it all over
1	Took a while checking out all the different styles of Venza.
1	Went to a few different dealers to find all the different trims.
1	Had to compare the V4 to the V6.
1	Then the FWD to the AWD.
2	Settled on the V6 AWD.
1	Just liked the way it drove.
1	The car had excell
1	If your looking for style, comfort, and something a little different than all the other sedans on the road, check out the Venza.
1	The cost of ownership of this car has been amazing.
2	For the price I paid and what I got for my money I could not be happier.
2	My insurance is very reasonable.
2	Toyota's 24-month maintenance free program is great; something I never got from Ford or GM.
1	Revi
2	No matter how luxurious this car looks, it is not safe.
2	It is impossible to see behind you or on the side while driving, especially at night.
2	My lease is only 10 months old and I am looking to find another car to trade because it is so unsafe.
1	I went to
2	Like it better than a Mercedes SUV.We love this car.
1	LOVE IT...................
2	The styling, cavernous interior cargo with seats folding flat at the flip of a lever, excellent gas mileage for it's size (I4-AWD) and Toyota reliability won me over in spite of this one major downside...I wish I could have gotten the sunroof too!
1	(even
2	I would definetly buy another.
2	Dealer Service has been Excellent; Five Star
2	I would definetly buy another.
1	Dealer Service has been Excellent; Five Star
1	Will recommend buying
2	The 2013 Venza is what it should have been from the beginning.
2	It is a great looking, great riding wagon that flies in the face of the station wagons of yore.
2	Stylish with aggressive 20 inch wheels, the 2013 Venza makes owning such a class of car fun, so
2	I had my 2013 since Aug. of 2012 and do not regret buying this vehicle.
1	I looked at a lot of CrossOvers, the Venza stood out above the rest.
1	Just think I was looking at a Cheverlot Equniox.
1	Glad they wanted an outrages price for it or I will have been in
2	I had a 2010 Venza v-6, AWD which I like very much.
2	I replaced it witha 2013 with most of the same features.
1	However, the interior appearanceis disappointing compared to the 2010.
2	I would buy this car again.
2	love it!
1	Love this   baby  car
2	The most dependable car I have ever owned.
2	No frills, but a dependable car that gets you from point A to point B.
2	I like it, I would buy it again.
2	My friends make fun of my little   clown car but whatever....I walk away with more money in my wallet.
2	I am happy with it.
2	Overall is a good economic, reliable vehicle for someone like me who can not afford an expensive car.
2	I will purchase another one if i move to a summer climate city.
2	very stylish and i would recommend this to newly weds
2	I own a denim blue and get compliments and thumbs up quite often when driving down the street.
1	The style is great.
2	Everyone who drives it loves it !
2	I drove a Nissan Pathfinder for about 12 years.
2	It was my primary vehicle.
2	Gas was expensive because The LE version only takes high octane gas.
1	This was not good on my pocket.
2	I also experienced other problems with my pathfinder.
1	After driving a Beetle f
2	Its great, fun and enjoyable to drive
2	The TDI is a surprise gutsy performer.
2	15000 miles and no service problems.
2	I had a bug in the 60's and do not know why it took me so long to buy another.
2	Love the German influence and technology
2	AWESOME :)
2	I love my beetle and would buy another one today.
2	Handles a lot better than I thought it would.
1	Great car.
1	ALWAYS WANTED ONE..LOVE THE RE-DESIGN.
2	I HAVE A 2013 CONVERTIBLE..LOVE IT !!!!
2	The best looking convertible and fun to drive
2	Fun to drive, even TDI is fast.
1	People love the tan over red combo and it gets lots of thumbs up.
1	Really surprises people that it is diesel.
2	But mostly it is fun to drive, easy and fast to put top up or down and more room than you would think.
1	Top up it
1	Excellent new design and performance!
2	With the Turbo, eats the mountain roads.
1	Good gas mileage too, if one can resist putting the foot down to hear the turbo.
2	Very comfortable interior too.
2	It's my first German vehicle (previously owned Acura, Toyota, Nissan, and Jeep) and I LOVE IT!
2	Trust me, the car shines best at night when all the lights are on with the panoramic moon roof tilted up.
2	This car isn't the fastest kid on the block, but it s
1	Grear%20Car.%20Better%20than%20my%202011%20CC.
2	my car 2009 brought in dec,2008
1	Awsome car.
1	Many improvements over my 2010 cc.
2	For the price I think its a great car, looks great will turn heads and nice ride, does not have some features that I felt should be included but over all the CC is a good deal.
1	Overall, a great car, for whatever the driving demands.
2	im satisfied with my purchase overall
1	0
1	awesome love this car have had 2 days
2	Negatives out weigh the positives.
2	Best bang for the bucks...especially if you can get your hands on a 2013 this christmas...
2	I have owned a lot of cars, from Hondas to Acuras to Saabs, and this is without question the most fun to drive, best looking, quietest car I have ever owned.
2	I got CC Jan. 2013...
2	This is my first German car... so far I liked it style and engine performance...
2	Love driving the car and the RNS 510 nav system is wonderful...love the sound system the way it plays Jazz on a long commute home or road trip.
1	N/A
1	All it took was one test drive.
2	I was sold on the appearance without the price of a Mercedes.
1	An excellent car, much improved over the previous, already-good 2010 model.
2	Would recommend to anyone who wants a great car at a sensible price.
2	I researched tons of cars in the same class, and I'm completely thrilled with my purchase.
2	This car turns heads - in-fact I had someone at a gas station tell me what a wonderful job Mercedes has done with this car .
1	
1	
1	only to spoil it for him when I to
2	Tested and researched many cars before finding this.
2	First European purchase and I'm glad I did...
2	very nice car to have.
2	Great value (for what I was looking for in a car).I have put over 30,000 miles on my CC and still enjoy it as much as day one.
1	This car is like taking a european vacation without the expense of a long flight.
2	This is a very nice automobile.
2	For just two people and our small dog it should be a car that we will enjoy for years to come.
2	Also, the dealership we dealt with has made owning the car very enjoyable, and that can't be said for some of the dealerships w
1	Once you know the good AND the not so good, you will know if this is THE car for you.
1	The long and short of it is; do you live where a hardtop is really useful.
2	I live in the northwest, and the main drawback of convertibles is they are kind of yucky in t
1	It is an amazing car!
1	I gave this car rating of 9's and 10's.
2	I am very surprised I don't see more of them on the road.
1	Perhaps that has to do with the convertible more than anything else.
1	I narrowed my search down to the EOS and the Toyota Solara Convertible.
1	The EOS won han
2	car is living up to very high expectations so far
2	Came out of a Mercedes for this car and don't miss it.
2	Our other car is a E class Bluetec and this is just as nice to drive.
2	Very happy with this vehicle.
2	Would recommend it to anyone.
2	the price isnt cheap the quality is poor
2	I will buy this VW product again if necessary.
1	Special because you can't beat the mileage of this small and economic car.
1	Quality and overall performance.
1	This 2.0 Turbo Diesel VW Engine it is well proved outstanding motor and the car itself dominates th
1	Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
2	Great car, affordable and good looking, far better build quality than the Jetta (hence more expensive)
2	Excellent car so far.
2	We have a 2012 with 35,000 and have had no problems so far
1	Excellent, Quick, comfortable, and sharp.
2	Really good quality
1	power AND economy.
1	roomy.
1	safe.
1	quiet.
1	smooth.
1	Great Car 2001 lasted 11 years with only routine maintenance.
2	I never buyer a Golf Gti again .
2	2500 km so far and looking forward to driving several 100,000 more!
2	Great overall car.
1	I didn't buy a gulf but bought a Passat TDI.
1	Mid size car.
1	This car is also way under rated on miles per gallon.
1	Rated also at 42 ave on highway we have got up to 53.
2	We bought this because our kids have been forced to move far away to get jobs an it was
2	One has to enjoy driving and a great factory stereo, and sometimes deep pockets to repair car!!
1	Quality car as opposed to the US made Jetta which ses cheaper components in a number of areas.
1	For example, the Golf TDI as 4 wheel disk brakes.
2	If you want a practical yet exhilarating driving experience without the boy racer cheapness that a lot of cars have these days than this car is the one for you.
1	I felt like I didn't have to give up or sacrifice anything like I would have had to do with o
1	I've had quicker, better handling cars (Porsche 911), more luxurious cars (Acura Legend), and more economical cars (VW Beetle), but this is a very good blend of the best features of each.
1	I have a fairly long commute and need something reliable and econo
2	I own the 4-door Autobahn.
2	I have owned other VWs in the past, but in 2013 VW has greatly improved the quality of the GTI inside and out.
2	The car is a joy to drive at any speed, and with an average MPG of 34 MPG, I am a very happy owner.
1	In general, I lo
1	Volkswagen continues to create practical and inspiring GTI hatch that fits like a glove and handles like an obedient puma .
1	
1	
1	in one artful, elegant, and wonderfully understated package.
2	Love the Laguna wheels available in 2013.
1	It's a super fun car to drive: sporty & quick, but easy to get along with day-to-day.
2	It's like getting an Audi for 30% off!
2	I almost look forward to driving to work every morning!
2	I bought a 2010 Gti with 13,000 mi.
1	and now have over 60,000.
2	It is a great car for someone who wants a smaller, practical hatchback that performs very well, gets 32mpg on the highway, and has an interior that embarrasses many $35-45,000 cars.
1	It has bee
1	As the old adage goes:  It's funner to drive a slow car fast than a fast car slow.While the GTI is no rocketship, it is fairly quick.
2	Handling is superb.
1	Braking is stellar.
2	Comfort is outstanding for a car this size.
1	Note in Europe these are premium c
2	Nothing can surpass VW's DSG.
2	Such a Joy to drive without the hassle of always having to shift in traffic.
2	I'm very happy with my GTI.
2	I have no complaints none at all.
1	If you want a faster car or a car with top of the line interior then the GTI is not for you and you my want to go and buy a luxury sport car.
1	I guess some buyers just like to complain about wh
2	Ive owned a 2010 manual and loved it, the only problem in 30k miles was a faulty tire pressure sensor.
1	I love the timeless plaid seats that hug you as accelorate through corners.
2	I recently bought a 2013 4 door DSG (so the fiance can drive it too) and I
1	Overall it is a great car that is fun and practical at the same time.
2	There are compromises regarding quality vs cost and performance vs livability and practicality but this car gets most of them correct.
1	Jetta seats one more than Mercedes CLS550.
2	Mit Jetta, transport von bis zu f?nf Personen alle ?ber dem Platz auf vier Reifen mit einem Verbrennungsmotor - wunderbar!
1	0
1	I kind of don't want to let people in on the secret diesel society, but it is amazing.
1	I still get questions like  doesn't diesel fuel cost more? .
1	Obviously people who didn't pass 4th grade math.
2	Compared to my last vehicle which got 30 mpg, the 5-10% e
2	Fun ride, it looks great.
1	Never been a Volkswagen fan before but if they keep up the fresh designs and great performance I may stay one for life.
1	I've test driven a dozen cars(Chryslers, Toyotas, Hondas) .
2	Only thing that comes close was a well packaged
2	Have had absolutely no problems at 10 months and 11,000 miles.
2	The Jetta S. 2.0 5 speed manual is a great vehicle if you don't have to drive up hills or start on a hill or carry 4 adults in the vehicle.
1	It is worthy for the price.
1	I don't know why would you want to spend money on Prius.
2	Go get it and you will love it.
2	Great combination of comfort, handling, economy, and an awesome cross-country cruiser.
1	It is OK, but I advise you shop & compare before making a decision.
1	I love driving a manual transmission and the great gas mileage.
1	But there is nothing   excessive  or   fancy about this car.
2	Its great, fun transportation.
2	I love this car!
2	Haven't been this happy with a car for a long time.
2	It is my first family car but it does not look like one!
2	I really like my car!
2	even though this is the cheapest VW one can buy, I still think the quality of the build and materials should be better.
2	If I had it to do all over again I would rather have spent more money and been happier.
1	This is a VERY underwhelming vehicle.
1	Review I
1	Much better than a Prius any day of the week.
1	The best bang for the buck!
1	You get all the bells and whistles for the starting price of accords, camrys, etc
1	Buy one
1	The best car in its segment at a low price.
1	The best deal you can get.
1	I'm afraid the performance of this vehicle will get me into trouble with law enforcement.
2	Great car for the price!
2	Im super happy with my 2013 jetta.
2	It drives excellent, I got a great deal on it and I look forward to driving it everday!
1	This is the ultimate driving machine regardless what other makes think!
1	Buy one
2	Not many station wagons can match the versatility, fuel mileage, and fun factor of the Sportwagen TDI.
1	Good car.
2	Do not regret the purchase.
2	highly recommend for low cost ownership and high reliability
2	Excellent vehicle.
2	Very happy with purchase so far.
1	A reliable (CU, remember?
2	), fuel efficient (43+ MPG over 2375 miles thus far in 65% highway use) and nice looking wagen.
1	Great, great car.
2	Glad I bought it and would do so again for sure.
1	Would just restate that you want the diesel and manual transmission to get the most out of it.
1	Excellent and economical car.
2	I have the Diesel: I average 42.5 MPG, on highway driving, without being slower the flow of traffice I average 43-48MPG.
2	Best vehicle I have ever owned!
2	Buyer Beware
2	A great car in town and on the road.
2	The dogs love their own area to hang out in.
1	If they ever allow the e-ron Diesel engine to be sold in the USA will trade up to it the day it's available.
2	I use the vehicle for route service.
2	I always have 300lb or more of cargo plus my 250lb and still get 40mpg.
2	I looked around a lot before purchasing and couldn't find anything even close to the storage/mpg of the diesel sportwagen.
2	I have had it a year n
2	Great car, i would buy another one .
1	The SportWagen has the best of everything.
2	This is my second Jetta wagon.
2	Also owned three Passat's as well.
1	Have enjoyed all of them.
2	All around a great vehicle.
1	This is a wonderful wagon, great size and performance.
2	Best vehicle I have ever owned!
1	Though uglier and not as fun to drive, I would recommend a Prius V over this car.
2	Bought a 3.6 SE with Sunroof and Navigation.
2	Drove both the SE and SEL models and decided I did not need the fancier seats and higher price of the SEL.
2	The only other difference is a few chrome trim pieces and the rear view camera that the SEL gets.
1	Watc
1	great car.
2	Everything as good or better than advertized!
2	Not one complaint.
1	I absolutely love the car.
2	As far as value goes, I couldn't beat it.
2	Got an excellent deal on it.My monthly fuel savings covers the car payment.
1	The rear seat is super roomy and the trunk is huge.
1	I test drove many cars.
1	Small 4cyl cars with similar mile
1	Overall an excellent car!
1	This is a continuation of the  consportion above.
1	I ran out of charater space in that box.
2	.....The rear window has had this ongoin issue.
2	It has been evaluated and already has had the regulator module replaced once.
1	This was 1 week ago.
1	Guess what's h
2	The best mid size family(?)
1	sedan you can buy.
1	Luxurious enough and German to compete with cars that are more expensive, even the rich cousin the Audi A4/A6.
2	It's OK, I suppose, but I would not buy a VW again.
1	If you commute or do a lot of highway driving,the TDI is the vehicle for you.
1	If you only drive around town and put very little miles on in a year then the TDI would be overkill, stick with the gas model.
1	The Passat has many of the luxury sedan features, space and comforts that we test drove for a fraction of the price.
2	Cons cont'd: The fuse has blown twice (blew for the 2nd time when I plugged it in to test it at the dealers service center parking lot).
2	Working for the last day; so hoping it was faulty fuses vice a ground in the electrical system.Overall Review: Have h
2	I would rate this car at a 9.9
1	I would give an overall rating of 10.
2	I am almost 50 and my days of purchasing a car based on the way it looks is long behind me.
2	The car more than meets my needs and exceeds my expectations regarding usability.
2	Love it- highly recommend.
2	Love this car...
1	Great car
2	The diesel is the only way to go with this model.
2	As long a diesel prices stay steady and available atmore places this is the way to go.
2	Overall, I'm really happy with the car.
1	VW Credit has a great lease option.
2	Awesome car.
1	When my 3-year lease on my dark silver Passat SE with pleather/moonroof/navigation is done, I plan to buy a new or pre-owned ('12 or later) black, TDi SEL premium with the split-spoked alloy wheels.
1	I've seen a handful on the road and that c
2	Excellant investment.
1	verygood
2	Terrific vehicle for commuting & long (500+ mile per day) trips.
1	overall very nice to drive and am considering buying it.
2	Overall, the Passat TDI is a well made car that I wish was cheaper to offset the higher diesel pump price and the lack of a backup camera and USB port.
2	The radio with XM was really nice and the room in the car cannot be beat!
1	On the road, the car is resp
2	quiet the driving experience and vw will have a solid 10
2	Overall I would recommend this car over a Honda/Nissan/Toyota, but maybe not over a GM/Ford/Chrysler.
1	The ride quality is good and squarely aimed at the US market in its handling, but not what an owner of a previous German sedan would expect.
1	I enjoy the
2	Love my Passat.
2	After 4 Hondas decided to try something different.
2	Went for the diesel model and after 7 months I have no complaints at all.
1	Averaging 40+mpg combined and thats not driving it conservatively at all.
2	I miss the power at times but enjoy dri
2	Buy the V6 passat, it's worth it.
1	I expected a higher reliability for this car.
2	Incredible car full of style and class.
1	A real pleasure to drive.
1	May be a good option for those who prioritize handling.
2	I liked the car but concentrated on driving so I can't comment on the cars other qualities.
2	I consider the Routan to be a solid van.
1	Good looking van but not at all worth the money when you factor in the down time for repair.
2	Would recommend to anyone looking for a minivan
2	Great vehicle, very comfortable, handles very nicely.
1	Feels German even though it's not.
1	Plush ride and looks better than the competition.
1	Very%20nice%20SUV%2C%20fits%20in%20all%20ares
1	If you drive in the mountains or live at altitude, you owe yourself a test drive.
1	No other 4 cylinder ute that was non-turbo had the guts of the Tiguan.
2	The car has many great features and I got it for 4k under list which sealed the deal.
2	Love it!!
1	Should have purchased this car years ago.
2	I love this SUV!
2	compact and has the power/performance to boot.
2	Just the perfect size for me, great driving position, seats are very comfortable and adjustable height position on the center arm rest.
2	Great car, great price.
2	I typically have buyers remorse and have not had it even the slightest since buying the car 6 months ago.
2	Paid a little more than I planned for this vehicle, but it has all the bells and whistles which I love.
2	Would recommend the car.
2	Great engineering, handling and passenger room.
2	A pleasure to drive in any conditions.
2	I would buy again if they can fix the ticking in the doors.
2	Great buy, very happy w my purchase
2	I absolutely love this SUV
1	Great vehicle overall.
1	Would have liked to have a Diesel TDI.....but that is NOT available in Canada.
1	I love the car.
2	People have actually stopped me to admire it and ask about it.
2	Wonderful luxury SUV.
