2 I love everything about this car.	
2 it is a nice truck i really do love this truck 	
1 GMC has perfected the pickup 	
2 Great classy truck, not for everyone, 	
1 Looked at Dodge & Ford, thought the GM would be a better vehicle for my use, but I am left wanting a better truck for what I had to pay for it 	
1 Love it .	
1 it has great towing capacity and fuel economy. 	
1 Would not buy this, I would stick to the Ford F-150.	
2 price is pretty much equal like everybody else , cant beat the quality , smooth ride 3d night time gauges , I love it 	
1 No complaints!	
2 Would not buy again 	
1 i would definately recommend this truck 	
1 Give it a 10 for great improvements over previous GMC 1500's that I have had.	
2 SO FAR THIS IS EVERYTHING I HAVE COME TO EXPECT FROM A TRUCK .	EVEN IN THE COLDEST OF WEATHER ( MULTIPLE DAYS BELOW ZERO ) , THE INTERIOR FIT AND QUALITY HOLD TRUE .THE FUEL MILEAGE IS BETTER THAN THE FORD, AS WELL AS THE INTERIOR EGROMICS .	
2 great truck 	
2 Buyers remorse, this truck has major electrical issues.	
1 GREAT GRATEGREAT 	
1 Outstanding truck 	
2 I would buy another... 	
2 the best truck I have ever owned.	I will buy another.	
1 great 	
2 Best vehicle I've ever owned, safe and powerful.	
2 Great buy one 	
1 good truck 	
1 the best 	
2 I love it 	
2 Would not buy again, I compromised on the power hoping for the better mpg, well it delivered on the lack of horsepower, but came up short on EPA mpg ratings (I get about 20 combined mpg, and have never topped 25 mpg on a complete highway trip after now	
1 I would have to rate it up there with any of the best.	The only other one I think might be better, or perhaps just a bit bigger is the Cadilac SUV or crossover.	But, being as money doesn't grow on trees here in Wisconsin, I guess I will just be happy wit	
2 One of the Best and Most Appreciated New Vehicle I have ever owned and Driven 	
2 Very pleased with the purchase of this vehicle.	
1 I love it - so pretty and NOT round!	
1 Near luxury...no question 	
1 Really like this vehicle if they could just figure out what is wrong with the collision alert system.	
1 Love it!!	
1 Traded in a 2008 Ford Edge Limited for a 2013 GMC Terrain Denali and truly loved that I went with the deanali tag.	It really is a beautiful car and rides BEAUTIFUL.	
1 The Terrain is a great all-rounderand has ample room for a 3 or 4 person family.	It reminds me of the classic station-wagon, a sadly defunct class of cars that were a good compromise between a sedan and a van.Don't expect sports sedan handling or acce	
2 I won't buy another one.	I will go back to being a Jeep owner.	
1 I can endure for another year.But will switch 	
1 It's a terrific package, especially styling and technology!	I'll have to just accept that in this eco-nuts era, I'm just not going to get the earth-splitting torque of yesteryear.	I'm not a huge fan of compromise in anything, but the Terrain is a convinc	
1 Probably should have purchased a Ford Edge 	
2 our daughrter bought this for a mom van, trading an 8 cylinder truck.	She likes the terrain and it suits her needs now, but no power 	
2 If you need AWD on a mid size SUZ with V-6 power, this vehicle is worth the look.	
1 love it.	
2 I am pleased with my decision to purchase the GMC versus the Audi A4.	
1 THIS IS AN EXELENT VEHICAL FOR THE MONEY.	GET THE V6 AND YOU CAN'T GO WRONG 	
1 Overall it is a great car.	
2 I like it and would buy another one.	
2 We have the SLE model and for the price other cars did not compare.	We looked at Ford Escape, Honda CRV, Chevy Equinox and other small/midsize SUV's and none compared to what you get with the GMC Terrain.	
1 This one looks like a 'keeper'!	
1 I really like this car!	
1 Love the Terrain!	Test drive the other vehicles in this class just so your mind is at ease when you decide to purchase the Terrain!	Didn't drive the Hyundai or Kia so maybe take a look at those just in case.	The CR-V was easily the most uncomfortable veh	
2 Love this SUV, just the right size for me.	I get a combined 27 mpg if I watch my driving style, lay into it and it goes way down.	
2 best vehicle ever owned 	
1 Great Ride Everything In A Small SUV With 6 cy For All The Power And Speeds For California Traffic 	
1 Will never recommend to anyone.	Didn't realize GMC had such inferior product.	
1 terrific 	
2 Until I found this I thoguht I'd have to spend the day inside.	
2 would buy again 	
2 we have always had a suv, but my first gmc & love it.	
1 Too expensive for the product 	
2 I love it and would buy it again.	
2 DISAPPOINTED IN TERRAIN EVEN THOUGH THE SUV HAS A LOT TO LOVE.	
2 would buy again 	
1 Would recommend for anyone.	Great safety score too !!!	
2 Excellent, I would not think twice about buying one again!!!	
1 The only thing this suv could use is a third seat.	
2 Good vehicle but with the 3800 and it's power train it would be better and perhaps a 9.5 	
2 dont get this car you will regret it it is very cheaply built 	
1 I would give it a 10.	
1 Excellent 	
1 Test drive this vehicle if you get the chance.	
2 looks and drives great just wish gas milage was as advertised 	
2 the best car i ever had 	
1 this is an awesome car 	
2 Worth the money 	
2 Very pleased so far.	
1 That's a smart way of lokoing at the world.	
2 Very very nice vehicle.	
1 awesome 	
2 Love it completely and rue the day when I get my first smack and run scratch/dent from a parking lot knucklehead.	
2 Love it completely and rue the day when I get my first smack and run scratch/dent from a parking lot knucklehead.	
2 I took more than one year to buy new car and in between I was going through numerous reviews, Test Rides and friends experiences Whoever bought any car brand in 1st week they were blown away but after some time you can see them back to reality.	
1 I just can't justify paying over $500 a month for a car payment, doesn't make sense to me.The last generation was lacking in several areas, this generation is the best version to date.	The double-wishbone suspension is gone in favor of a traditional MacP	
1 None 	
1 FIVE 	
2 Wife absolutely loves her coupe.	
1 Great Car - Great Value - Great Reliability!	
2 Unmatched in reliability and quality 	
1 Absolutely wonderful car!	
2 Nice car, but I think I got a lemon.	I've had great success with Honda in the past.	
2 Great handling, blue-tooth, back-up camera leather wraped steering wheel189 hp... 	
2 It is just the best midsize car around for daily driving, long term ownership, value, all that good stuff is here.	
1 Overall I would give it a 9.5 out of 10.	
2 Superior to my last Accord, 2011 SE.	
1 Excellent, reliable and technologically advanced transportation.	
2 Came from a 350hp Subaru and was concerned that the 185ph I4 engine would not be enough power for me.	Glad I got the I4 with a timing chain (never change a $1000 timing belt), 40-46mpg, and power needed to get out of traffic in a hurry.	
2 I would tell people about my car 	
1 The Honda accord V6 sedan EX-L's or (touring edition) offers high-end luxury and performance at a great price.	After looking at all the competition (including Acura), the Accord offered the best overall value.	
1 wonderful car for the size-just as nice, if not nicer, than its competitors 	
1 Love it!	
1 Car buyers should at least consider this car.	After all they have the reputation of strong and efficient car.	
1 With all you get, I think that this Honda is the best value no matter how rich or poor you are.	
2 This is the first car I have ever owned that does not feel like i paid too much for, it has everything i need and then some at the right price.	
1 I would definitely recommend this car to anyone looking at a small car.	The redesigned Civics for 2013 are probably the best small cars on the market.	Even the base LX model is on par with what other small cars have on mid and upper trim levels.	Review I	
1 Simple.	Great car for it's price and a proven platform.	
1 great, excellent 	
1 Decent car but not the world leader it has been in the past.	
1 Styling: I love the new styling which resembles the 2013 Accord.	The chrome adds elegance and sophistication.	It is no longer the cheap looking econobox of the past.Engine: 1.8 Liter 4-cylinder with 140hp which means it has to work harder when passing an	
1 Only good for  Local commutes; very poor seat design.	
1 LOVE this car!	2013 did major improvements from the 2012 model.	
1 Great car for college students, luxury features in a compact car.	
1 Great car!	Everything you need from a car 	
1 My review of the Honda Civic EX-L would be a 9.7 out of 10.0.	Absolutely wonderful vehicle.		
1 This is a great every day car because of the gas efficiency, its interior comfort, and all the accessories necessary for every day life.	
2 I think the consumer reports score is way too low..It must be for the 2012 not the 2013....For the money not much out there to beat in with style , performance, tech, and mileage..... 	
2 I love this car.	The power is just right for its size and I am comfortable in the interior, I don't feel cramped.	
1 I am leasing this car and frankly will be glad when my time is up so I can return it.	The thing that bugs me the most is the highway experience.	The car goes all over the place at highway speed and needs alot of correction.	In city traffic it is a non is	
1 I would recommend the civic if someone is interested in getting a lot of car for a decent price.	
1 braking & handling are ok, the acceleration is slow, I can feel the street underneath me as if the car is low to the ground.	
1 Love it!	
1 Buy it and relax and enjoy a great ride.. 	
2 I am very satisfied with my Civic.	
1 I give it a ten all around 	
1 I think it would be a good reliable car but far from the best of its class 	
2 Best car I ever owned 	
2 If it wasn't for the seats, I'd give it a perfect 10.	I had a 2008 Civic that was wonderful.	Very comfortable, but lots of road noise.	It drove flawlessly to 100k miles.	I sold it and got a new one.	I sure hope I can learn to like the seat!	
1 Best Compact Sedan in it's class 	
2 enjoy driving it 	
2 Excellent auto very versatile and drives well.	
1 I give it a 9 out of 10 	
2 Great Cross Over, Honda you've done it again !	
1 Great All-Around Vehicle!!!	
2 Fun car to drive and very dependable!	Mine is 3+ years old!	
2 Have not felt this way about a car since my very first one.	Love driving this crosstour!	
1 Love it, period.	Wonder why the Acura ZDX is such a failure (price), but ...	This car is just not for everyone.	Too bad, they lose.	Cars I've had that are up there: 944 Turbo, Legend Coupe, Q-45, 94 Corvette.	
1 Awesome vehicle 	
1 Love it!	
1 should have power liftgate 	
2 Great Vehicle!	
1 Verry nice car!	I love it!	The blind spots take time to get used to.	Wish it had an interior trunk/hatch open latch.	
2 My overall review is that this is an excellent automobile and would recommend it to anyone looking for a stylish all-around auto.	
2 I love it!!	
2 Just a great car to own and drive!	
1 Highly Recommended 	
1 Great Car 	
1 Price - Value - Safety 	
1 Looking forward to many years with my CR-V!!	
2 highly recommend this vehicle 	
2 Having issues with the Tire pressure warning light.	It has come on 5 times it about two months, back to the dealer 3 times, no solution.	Honda America will inform me when a computer fix can be done.	Very unhappy driving with the light on........ Review I	
2 I would recommend this vehicle to anyone who is looking for a high quality, versatile, family vehicle.	
2 Good for use around town, but don't take it on a trip unless you want a back ache and ringing in your ears.	
1 I really like this car 	
2 very stylish,easy to drive 	
2 We were concerned that switching from our Honda Accord EX-V6 to the Honda CR-V would cost us more to operate..	But we were pleasantly surprised that our CR-V actually gets better mileage than our Accord.. 	
1 Needs side warning lights on mirrors.	
1 OK 	
2 I highly recommend this SUV.	
2 Much better then my 2007.	
1 Construction quality is very good.	Headlights are dangerously terrible.	
1 Look elsewhere ---- 	
1 Good car at a good price.	Excellent quality!	
2 Excellent 	
2 Love it, will buy another.	
1 In Eco mode, I'm getting 31 mpg overall 	
2 I'm a bachelor, so the two seats are fine with me; but may not be for others.	
2 I would recommend this car to everyone who asks me.	It's great to drive.	Handles great on wet roads.	
2 I'm so happy I bought the CRZ in February.	It's one amazing looking car that's oh-so-fun to drive.	As a lone commuter, like almost everyone else on the road, the two-seater CRZ has been perfect for me.	After 6000 miles, the fuel economy remains much bett	
1 9 out of 10 	
2 The ability to think like that is always a joy to behlod 	
2 it's a really great practical auto if you own you will see 	
1 Best All around vehicle I have ever owned, does everything, and takes me out for Sushi.	
1 If you take a serious look at the way you drive and you find that your real needs are multi purpose, functional and reliabilty, then the Element should be considered.	You can add a few creature comforts along the way as most do with their cars.	The cost	
2 People have frequently asked me how I like my car and I probably bore them to tears extolling the virtues of the Honda Element.	I have put very little money into this car other than the normal wear and tear type things.	
2 Spent only about $1000 in 9 years and 178000 miles since 2003 	
1 A great vehicle for carrying anything from a TV to dogs 	
2 ALL GREAT FEATURES 	
2 This is a car that I would buy again but probably won't have to because of HONDA'S record of durabilaty.	
2 A car I would recommend highly...lot's of interior space...good mpg....attractive design in the sport package...car is a lot of fun to drive and has all the features I needed for a commuter car and it's peace of mind because it's a Honda.	
2 I've owned only Honda cars for 35 years.	Wouldn't even consider buying anything else.	I love my new Honda Fit.	
1 all in all good car for in town driving 	
1 The Fit is a great car that has many thoughtful design features Honda's Engineers did a Great job!	
2 nice car, fun to drive, great gas mileage with 5 speed manual 	
2 Great oil change and schedule services at Honda dealer for saving time and less stress.	
1 I would highly recommend the fit 	
2 Great car will have it forever and when the motor goes out you can put in a bigger honda motor.	
1 inferior materials verrrrrrrry inferior breaks easily.	would not recommend the buy.	i have to tape up the interior of my car.	isgusting.	cant afford to repair it too expensive.	
1 Fantastic car by great manufacturer 	
1 Nice car.	
1 Solid reliable high MPG car 	
2 Should not pass up this car ... worth the money and then some 	
1 This is a wonderful car and if you are in the market for a hybrid commuter car, you must test drive it.	There is more out there than the Prius.	
1 Good purchase and like the great mileage with a great ride.	
1 very nice, 	
2 love it I have owned 2 of them and will buy a third 	
2 Longevity will be the best determination of what I sum up this car to be, but with the warranty it shouldn't be an issue 	
2 Overall we are very satisfied with the Azera and would probably buy it again.	
1 The car has beautiful lines and style.	Nice job Hyundai.	
1 Excellent 	
1 You won't regret buying an Azera if this is the car you like.	
2 This car is like lexus + benz from hyundai 	
1 just a great car !!!	
2 just great 	
1 Excellent car for the money.	Good warranty.	
2 Would buy again.	
1 The car is little more pricey than before, but it is still a best buy for the money and compares very favorably with Lexus, MB and Audi for much less $ 	
1 Excellent car for the price.	better than Lexus 350 by a wide margin.	
1 A pleasure to drive 	
2 My second Azera , have a 2007..no problems after 75K ...hope this 2013 gives me the same reliability.	
1 well made 	
2 I love my new car.	
1 This is a great car.	Hyundai is building solid reliable quality cars 	
2 I love this car, once we test drove it I had to have it.	Got a great deal and for all the bells and whistles on this car the Avalon would have cost well over $40,000.	Great car for the cost, looking at purchasing a second one.	
2 Getting almost 30mph on hiway, quiet smooth ride, very stylish.	
2 For the price, dependability and features, this car exceeds all of my expectations!	
1 AAA 	
2 The Accent has come a long way over the last 5 years and I would rececommend this car to anyone looking for a car in this price range.	
1 Over all not a bad car.	Great price for the features,great warranty.	You would think if you went down to this size car the fuel mileage would have been worth it.	I would consider now a diesel or a hybrid.	
1 Awesome little car 	
1 This review is to counter the ridiculously biased review of Dennis in South Carolina on 08/04/2012 who sounds like an angry 9 year old child - and has no clue what he is talking about.	
1 great design , plenty of room inside, especially back seat compared to elantra and sonata.higher roofline means better headroom, higher sitting off ground means easier to get into/out of.ignore the review from the guy who doesn't even own one!	just a jea	
1 Don't do it until someone shows you that Hyundai can reach 500,000 Miles like my previous 97 Civic did., and overall Hyundai copys Honda and Toyota, and Lexus, and Acura.	When you unlock a Hyundai, the unlock chime belongs to Toyota.	The steering wheel,	
1 I would recommend over a Nissan or Scion 	
1 Great car for a great price.	
2 I travel mostly highway miles, a commuter car, so its puuurfect for me; and after a two and half months of ownership, who needs a elantra or a sonata?	
2 the car has a bulletproof engine and transmission somewhat basic suspention could be a little stiffer, but steering is nice and tight needs a little practice to get it to go straight, this car has the capability to last a very long time you just need to	
1 Overall I'd rate it a 9.	
2 I have had my 2012 Accent since July 2011, no problems and it rides well.In the winter traction is sometimes a problem....but usually when other cars also have the same problems 
1 Excellent 	
1 Don't hesitate to drop in on your Hyundai dealer.	These guys have come a long way , and these cars are proof of that.	
1 Buy it now.	
2 I enjoy driving this car but if I had it to do over I would buy another Elantra.	
1 Excellant subcompact vehicle.	No frills but I bought it for economy and it has surpassed every expectation.	
2 All in all I like the car.	Hyundai has a good reputation and I get over 40 miles per gallon on trips.	
2 bought this car after reading reviews and test drove looking at the MPG listed on the sticker.	Well my mileage has been lousy and I complained to Hyundai corporate and all they are doing in giving me the run around sending a speedsheet to track my mileag	
1 Overall, this is a very good car.	Your view of this car will vary depending on what type of vehicle you are coming out of.	You need to take a good test drive of the Elantra before making a final decision.	The materials in the car are on level with an eco	
1 Its about how you drive the car that determines the fuel mileage not what a sheet of paper says.	We feel as though the mileage for any car will be the same for every person and every environment based on its window sticker at the dealership.	Get yourself	
2 should have bought a Subaru or Honda civic for the price vs. mileage.	
2 Much worse than I planned for and very poor at being honest about it all.	
1 A lot of car for the money, but don't expect great fuel economy.	
1 nice car 	
1 GREAAT CAR 	
1 best in class!	i own and have built several classic cars and hot rods i know cars- i test drove five competitors - was on my way with a friend to buy a ford focus, he said try the elantra limited, i read they are really a nice car!	so instead, i first we	
1 GREAT CAR 	
2 I'd give this car a perfect ten if I had the engine broken in but to be fair I gave the acceleration a 9 because I haven't put the peddle to the medal for fear of breaking in the engine incorrectly!	I like this car, my wife loves it so I'm a happy camper	
1 Overall, a great economical sedan.	
1 Excellent value all around.	
2 Great car for the price.	
2 This 2013 SE-COUPE M/T is probably the best small car I've ever owned!	
1 I would recommend the car if you are interested in road trips that get great mileage...with care.	Or if you have a heavy foot get a Vette.	
1 NOT GOOD 	
1 Over all the car is a great deal.	I drove a civic and it was to low to the ground, small inside and hard to get in and out of.	Toyota has nothing in this size that is very stylish, after all I don't want just good gas mileage, I also want a great looking	
1 LOVE IT!!!!!!	
1 Satisfactory 	
1 Smooth ride.	Great gas mileage.	Nothing wrong with this car.	
2 Very pleased with car!!!	
1 Love the car.	Unless Hyundai starts producing horrible cars, I will probably buy a new one in about 5 years.	
1 I love this car!	Definitely would recommend it as a commuter.	
1 Overall I am dissapointed with the gas mileage in the city.	
1 Other that the MPG this car is great.	
1 I have a whole new view of Hyundai automotive engineering capability.	These guys are off the charts where it counts!	Form and Function are very well executed with the Elantra.	Overall great car value.	I highly recommend this car.	
1 All in all very satified 	
1 Love this car 	
1 car rides nice , ok on gas and good looking car .	handles well also.	spare tir kit cost alot.	
1 I like the styling, the interior, and has good enough space for what it is.	Am dissapointed though with the MPG's i am getting with this car.Just about every car i have purchased in the last 15 years, i haven been able to match or in some cases exceed th	
1 gas mileage is not what is stated or even close.	seat seam uncomfortable, shifter is clumsy could have put leds in mirror and door lock switches.	otherwise GREAT CAR 
1 AWSOME VALUE THE BEST 	
1 please read my pros 	
1 good 	
1 Looking for a reliable vehicle .	look no more.	
1 OK. 	
1 I comparison shopped the Honda Civic (I have owned four), the Scion, Nissan, Mazda, Ford Focus and Fiesta, Toyota Corolla, Chevy Cobalt and Dodge Dart.	After more than a year of talking to owners of other brands, doing online research, test driving etc,	
2 im satisfied with the price and performance and for me that says alot cuz im a picky fat man to put it politely 	
1 I have given my salesmans card to several people and I would suggest that people really look at this car as their next purchase 	
1 A great car for the price 	
1 Overall, this is an excellent car for the money.	Get the GLS with Preferred Package and you're set.	
2 love my car 	
2 I love the car and would recommend to anyone.	
1 No regrets.	
1 I can see myself driving Elantras as long as they are being manufactured.	
1 I would recomend this car 	
2 It performs fantasticly and handles great on very little fuel 	
1 reviews don't lie and a fact is a fact.	If you want to spent more money on a car it doen't make that car better 	
1 I find it hard to believe all these people saying they are only getting 25 to 28 MPG with this car.	They must be serious led foots.	I drive mainly around town with little to no highway driving and I've never gotten below 28.	Usually get about 30.5 to 31.	
1 order a spear tire 	
1 nice car 	
1 WOULD RECOMEND THIS TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR SMALL SEDAN 	
2 From first sight I felt an affinity for/with this car.	I'm very pleased with my Elantra and am not at all disappointed, even having come from a 6 cylinder.	I don't feel that I've  stepped downat all.	It has a comfortable ride and looks great for a smal	
2 So far so good!	
1 I had a Kia Forte Koup which I liked alot.	The Elantra is better then the Kia and offers better ride, better engine and better transmission.	
1 so far cant say anything bad about the car very comfortable riding car and for the price you cant beat it 	
1 Mileage is great.	On a recent highway trip, I was up to 42 mpg.	
1 Nice carif you want to save money on gas 	
1 LOVE THE CAR 	
1 for designer n future lovers... the best car...not for driving lovers 	
2 I'm happy with this purchase.	My car has 600 miles on it now and for the money this car is hard to beat.	I owned a 2002 Sonata that has 193,000 that I kept for a work car for me.	My wife loves the new Elantra.	
2 overall veey happy with car 1st i have boght since 1970 that is not a toyota.	hopefully time will show the durability that has kept me in the toyotas 	
2 Overall, the 2013 Hyundai Coupe is a pleasure to drive.	WIth hands-free blue tooth capability, very responsive controls, and a surprisingly quiet (for it's size) and gripping ride, I'm really happy with my car purchasing decision.	
1 This vehicle is outstanding in every way.	Comfortable driving, I feel safe, excellent response on the road.	
2 Its a great starter car and I'm very likely to keep it for at least 10 years (I wont trade it in).	
2 Not enough time in vehicle to evaluate long term.	
2 Not enough time in vehicle to evaluate long term.	
2 Overall I am very pleased with this car and would recommend it to a future buyer 	
1 overall i would give the car a 9.9 out of 10 	
1 a lot of bang for the buck 	
2 Great car for the price, had a dealership who were very friendly and helpul in the decision, NO PRESSURE!!	
1 buy this car you will love it 	
1 Want a great car that offers awesome standard tech features and gets awesome mileage?	Hyundai....... 	
1 Nice car,good value.	Poor MPG.	
1 Real brain power on display.	Thanks for that asnewr!	
1 I have not idea why is the best car in 2012.	Tips Avoid to driver and not increase the millages.	
1 EVERYTHING SEEM VERY GOOD ABOUT THE CAR I LIKE THE GOOD WARANTY TOOI test drove 6 different car before deciding to buy the Elantra, the 2nd best one for me was Mazda 3 but not enough space and the drive was not has smooth.	
1 I absolutely love this car!	
1 Great car for the money.	Saving on gas.	
1 great car 	
1 great buy,great car,great price period 	
2 Great Car and fun to drive, 42 mpg on 1 1/2 hr trip avg speed 63 	
1 Great Car!	
2 This is my first Hyundai, but not my last.	
1 This is outstanding car!!!!	
1 Nothing better for the money.	
1 Zippy little car 	
1 Awesome car for single and married people alike, amazing cargo space and comfort!	
1 2009.Test drove Honda Fit and on the way to Kia Soul met Elantra touring.Rest of story.	
1 Would definately recommend this auto to anyone who is looking for a smaller utility vehicle with the ability to haul a nice sized load or fits very good and versital for a small family.	
1 Add another gear to the automatic transmission and it will be perfect.	
2 GREAT QUALITY FOR LOW PRICE 	
1 Be careful what you buy, and be sure not to buy any cars from Rex Perry Auto Plex in Texas.	
1 Next car will get much better mileage.	Would not by again.	
1 A fantastic example of solid quality workmanship .This is one vehicle I would recomend to a new car buyer .	
1 It is surprising that there are not a lot more Touring's on the road.	Then again, the blame can be explained by sub-par Hyundai dealership service and reputation.	If you go with the other brands, your service is almost guaranteed to be nothing short of e	
2 I enjoy this vehicle which is safe to carry my granddaughter around plus my family....lots of storage space,the only thing I am disappointed is with dealer......salesman had told me had bluetooth and months laterwhen I needed it and asked for it was advi	
1 LOVE IT!!!!	
1 If this is Hyundai, I'm done with them.	
1 For the money - a very good car 	
2 Great car for around town and on the open road.	
1 All the past vehicles we have purchased from Hyundai have been reliable and affordable cars!!	Keep producing these trustwothy and fun to drive cars Hyundai!!!	
1 The best car for the price.	
1 This review is for the 2.0T Premium.	On the way to order a Subaru BRZ Limited I stopped by the Hyundai dealer to check out the Genesis Coupe.	Between not wanting to wait months for the BRZ delivery and the fact that the Hyundai dealer kept lowering his p	
1 I really want to like this car but the mechanical issues are just too much for a new, modern automobile.	
1 Dont buy the car!!!	
1 I love the car and am planning to drop $15,000 into the car over winter.	3.8 is gonna have nothing on me :0 	
1 Car developed a loud, high pitched whine that could be heard throughout the cabin that turned out to be coming from the fuel pump.	If you check around the web you will see this is a very common issue.	Hyundai replaced the entire fuel pump assembly under	
1 Still have to give the 13 Genesis Coupe a high score, 9.9 	
2 The car is awesome to drive its a better deal then infinity g37 and BMW 335i it gets lots if looks and it's fun to drive 	
1 For the price, it can't be beat.	G 37s is the closest, but thousands more.	
2 best coupe you can get for your dollar, highly recommend cant go wrong with hyundai backing with warrenty and price guaranty for 4 yrs... 	
1 I would strongely recommend this car to anyone seeking a competitively priced sports car, if you have not driven a Hyundai you must test drive one today...why pay more ?	Beautiful vehicle with a fluid design.	
1 Before purchasing a Sports Car, do yourself justice and Take a Genesis Coupe for a Test Drive to Compare Products.The Car Will Sell Itself.	
1 Love the car.	not sure about the 8 speed 	
1 2013 Gen Coupe 2.0T is one for the ages.	In a market full of only a handful of sporty coupes, the Gen Coupe manages to be near the top of the mountain.	At a price point starting around 24 or 25 grand there is bang for your buck value.	You're looking at 2	
1 The Hyundai Track Auto Coupe has really impressed us from quality to power.	Good job Hyundai!	
1 Great vehicle for the money, turns heads, and with the 3.8, direct inject, 8 speed GT edition, it will scoot.... 	
1 Excellent sports car and the Turbo is beast 	
1 Top of the line 	
2 I'd recomend this car to anyone looking for a coupe its very good and its pricing makes it only better.from a daily driver to a project car it cant get any better 	
1 Good performance for the money, but don't believe for a second that it will compete with a Mustang GT, 370Z, Camaro, or BMW M3.	
1 Built to compete with the G37.	Much better price, slightly better performance, slightly worse interior.	If you had told me 5 years ago that one day I would own a Hyundai I would have laughed in your face.	They have come a LONG way and really stepped up t	
1 gas guzzler 	
1 Looking to start a class action against Hyundai for the Genesis Coupe turbo.	Please email eli at fenstersheib dot com if your interested in joining.	ALL OF THE 2.0T MAKE HORRIBLE NOISES THAT THE DEALER WAS WELL AWARE OF, YET DID NOT TELL ANY OF THEIR CUS	
1 fun to drive and love the way it looks 	
1 You can't shift the paddle shifters easily when turning the steering wheel, makes sense.	The 8 speed auto transmission is wonderful, very smooth.	The manual mode of the automatic will not hold a lower gear if you reach 'redline', it shifts automatically	
1 A wonderful car for a great price from a company whose goal was to out Toyota the Toyota build quality.	They hit a home run with this one 	
1 Strong car for the money with good looks and power under the hood.	The interior is much better than he Camaro or the FR-S.	The car sit very low and might present issues for larger people, as I am only 5' 10'.	i would tell anyone looking for sports car to	
1 Hyundai hit one out of the park with this generation.	I highly recommend this car to anyone who enjoys driving enthusiastically while having all the creature comforts.	The price point can't be beat considering what you get.	
1 Hyundai hit one out of the park with this generation.	I highly recommend this car to anyone who enjoys driving enthusiastically while having all the creature comforts.	The price point can't be beat considering what you get.	
1 i was really please for the price and the look and the power of the car you get a good car for the money and not to expensive 	
2 May be the best auto I've ever owned.	Previously had Veracruz (5 years), Lincoln, Cadillac and Mercedes.	
2 Overall, I am very happy I bought the Genesis.	I must admit I was nervous about Trading in my Benz for a Hyundai but, now I'm glad I did!	
1 every bit as good as a 5 series BMW and an E series Benz 	
2 Overall great car, I just dislike having to continually clean soot to maintain it's otherwise impressive looks 	
1 A - 10 = Wonderful Car 	
1 Its a must have, if you are in the high performance and creature comfort age grouop.	
2 excellent , loves this car much, I made the right choice couldn't get it any better 	
2 A very nice car, replaced my BMW... 	
1 I would recommend to anyone looking for BMW or Mercedes 	
1 excellent 	
1 The perfect car to Drive Quite Ride, Great Mileage 31 MPG highway ,27.8 Mixed.	Handles Great 	
1 OUTSTANDING OVERALL 	
1 Gives you 90% of what you get from the usual luxury brands, but at 70-80% of the cost.	No regrets.	Definitely recommend a test drive for anyone shopping large sedans at any price.	
2 good car - bad warranty coverage 	
1 She is a baby I love.	I drove one for 12 days rental and fell in love.	Very spacious and easy to handle.	Wanted to take her home with me.	I felt as though I was lucky to have known her.	She is a true beauty.	
1 Great car, great warranty, all the options you could need.	Can't beat the price.	Love It.	
1 Great Car 	
1 great value for what you pay for and resale is also high.	Check ebay and judge the value yourself.	
1 Test drive this vehicle before buying any other.	A great car.	
1 After test driving the Cadillac ATS,Lexus E350 and the BMW3 it was clear to me that, for the money,the Genesis was the no brainer.	
1 great value for the money 	
1 Great car worth buying.	
2 The perfect car for us!!	
1 Overall a nice vehicle but does not offer features that the competition does.	Driving lights have proven to be a huge safety feature and the lack of them will keep me from buying a Santa Fe.	
2 The turbo is quick and thus far I have not experienced any  turbo/lag .	This vehicle is quiet, responsive and powerful with the turbo.	The engine is smooth and there is no power lag when passing or when you need speed.......and you will feell that power	
1 Highly recommended for the young enthusiastic couples to buy.	I live in India, In India these vehicle lasts like 10 - 15 years, With the Indian road condition in mind, if it is lasting for those many years then I think it can last more than that in USA.		
2 Overall I LOVE my car... Just wish I didn't have the glitches as its Brand new!!	Paid enough for it, and in the oldest of cars I've owned never had issues with the radio of all things.. 	
2 Excellent vehicle, 	
1 Miieage good and ride is smooth and quite.	Still breaking in,only 600 miles on it.	
1 Very pleased, great gas mileage, lots of room, very stylish.	
1 I was looking for value and found much more in this vehicle.	This is a must test drive if you are out shopping for and SUV in this segment.	
2 I really like this car, and would recommend buying it to everyone interested in a mid-size SUV built in the USA.	
1 This SUV is AWESOME!!	
1 I highly recommend this vehicle!!!	
1 Test drove about 10 SUV's and this was the best choice by far!	
2 Satisfied so far with the way it rides and handles and very quiet interior 	
1 Excellent vehicle.	What else can you say about excellence?	
1 Sanfa Fe 2.4L is a great Suv overall its have lots of standard feature and cool blue light bluetooth is easy to use.	Tailgate is easy to close when at full open.	Great Suv 	
2 Very pleased with around the city and highway driving,great SUV for a road trip.Would recommend this vehicle for anyone in the market for a midsize crossover SUV.	
1 Driving lights and a power liftgate are nice options, but they're certainly not a deal breaker for the Santa Fe.	Overall, Hyundai's done a great job.	Tried both models - the 2.0 Turbo is more responsive and quieter than the 2.4, and well worth a test dri	
1 Excellent vehicle!	Hyundai has done it again!	
1 Rented this in 2.4 Auto, and coming from an experienced truck driver and ex- pro cart racer, this car is scary to drive., everything is soo  jumpythe engine and tranny are not on good terms, the suspension although quiet, is very unsettled... ohh how i	
1 Reas above 	
2 Excellent!	
2 We own two other Hyundais and have been very satisfied with their reliability and overall performance.	
1 Never would have thunk I would find this so idnsipensable.	
1 other than fuel gauge, no other problems w/car...very comfortable to drive, good paint and interior 	
1 Love the vehicle.	Style, ride and gas milage are great.	I would highly recommend it.	
2 I'm looking to trade it off.	
2 an ok car for the money, Would not recommend to friends.	
2 Very happy with it.	
1 Great all round car.	
1 A decent start but not yet up to the competition.	
2 I like it so far.	
1 Some major short comings in convenience group which compromises up-to-date user friendly traits.	
1 Very Good SUV for the price 	
2 This is my second Hyundai Santa Fe (I still own a 2005 model (V6) and my daughter drives it which still runs great at over 90,000 miles).	My first vehicle was taken to the shop to replace a burnt out right rear light bulb and the usual standard maintenan	
2 So far we are fairly happy with the car itself, but very disappointedwith the bluelink.	
1 excellent 	
2 I would recomend this vehicle, I own two!	
1 An excellent choice in the smaller sports utility market.	Seems to have garnered some great reviews and so far, I am not disappointed.	
1 terrible 	
2 Overall, this is my favorite car purchase ever.	I usually suffer buyer's remorse after a few months, but this time I have been fully satisfied.	
1 I highly recommend the new Santa Fe.	You won't be disappointed.	
1 Recommended!	
1 Buy it, Drive it, Love it!	
2 Owned for six months and 11000 miles2013 Hyundia Santa Fe front wheel drive basic package 	
2 could not be happier with the features and performance for the money as long as the car over time does not develope problems caused by cost cutting assembly and design flaws.	
1 Look elsewhere 	
1 Hyundai Santa fe is a Family Crossover, sporty look, very nice design and fun to drive.	
1 Very good value for the money.	Warranty cant be beat.	
1 Test drive the navigation before you buy this car and make sure you can live with it.	
1 I would encourage people looking for a nice size sedan with all the bells & whistles to purchase this vehicle!	Great warranty and this baby is fully loaded!	
1 After extensive testing/rentals of new cars, coming from a very comfortable, fully loaded, sporty 250+ hp sedan, I don't miss it.I tested the Sonata hybrid and the 2.0 Turbo, and didn't find any significant benefits: gas milage in the hybrid is not so go	
2 Seats a problem in the car 	
2 Excellent car!	
1 The car has superb styling,ride and comfort !	No wonder the altima and fusion copied it !	LOL !	This car rocks!	The best for less,WOW!	
2 I would buy this car again in a second and highly recommend it to others.	
2 Wouldn't by another one 	
1 Do not get this car if you think your going to get 35 MPG Highway because it's not going to happen, not even close.	
2 It is a very nice car to drive.	Finish looks very nice as long as you do not drive it anywhere.Quality issue with finishes and Blue LinkExtremely poor customer service 	
2 looks good rides good but I wouldn't buy one again 	
1 I am very impressed with Hyundai quality and performance.	I plan on sticking with Hyundai since they have such a variety of styles (16 year old first car to SUV's with 3rd row seat) 	
2 I am very pleased with my 2013 Sonata.	I would recommend it to anyone......Seems like several car companies are copying the body style.	
1 The dealership is excellent.	Great service.	Sonata has good mileage averaging 26 mpg with 50/50 hwy and city.	If Hyundai can fix the road noise issue, it will be even more popular.	
1 This car is a home run.	If you are in the market, you can not go wrong here.	
1 I had never driven a Hyundai until I test drove this vehicle.	I was pleasantly surprised and was hooked.	If you are looking for a stylish, reliable vehicle, with enough bells and whistles for a not so expense price, then take a look at the Hyundai Sonata	
1 An excellent car.	You can't beat the price or the 100,000 mile warranty.	
1 The car is without a doubt the bang for the buck.	Do some test drives and see for yourself.	
1 Beautiful car and full of features for a great price.	
1 great car,,, 	
1 For the money I think this car is great.	I really liked the Nissan Altima but was not impressed with the warranty and price.	I have a very nice car for a lot less money and a ten year warranty!	
2 I like the car after driving Camry's for the last 13 years is is a refreshing difference.	
1 Excellent value 	
1 great car 	
1 The Sonata is at a crossroads as to where it wants to go from here.	It has been floating around at near the top of its class for awhile now but, when will see the next step forward?	As of right now it has a solid interior, plenty of options, sweet price,	
1 GREAT CAR 	
1 From 1-10 I give it a 2.	You would be better off buying a Kia Optima, Honda Accord, or even a Toyota Camry 	
1 Get out There and drive one, then buy it!	
1 definite 9+ 	
1 The only car I had enjoyed that came close to this car was a 1976 Audi Fox 	
1 Car is as advertised.	Hyundai has made great strides to become competitive in the marketplace.	Recommend to those looking for a mid-sized car with alot of positive qualities 	
1 Can't go wrong 	
1 if you're looking for a great buy for your money, look no further.	Your dollar goes far with this vehicle and don't forget Hyundai has the best warranty.	it really adds to your piece of mind.	
1 Great car for the money 	
2 LOVE the car, a steal for the money.	
1 This car is the $	
1 awesome car 	
1 great car you will be happy with it 	
1 great car 	
1 great car 	
2 I have no regrets at all about my decision to buy this car.	Would do it again tomorrow if I needed another one.	
1 on my 4th hyundia they keep on getting better-flat out beats competion in price warranty and performance 	
1 We love, love, LOVE this car!	I am trying to talk my husband into trading in our mini-van for a 2nd Sonata, since the interior and trunk are roomy enough for us, the price is great, it's great on gas, but mainly because I'm jealous that I don't get to dr	
1 try it you will like it 	
1 Great car!	Looks great outside, feels great inside.	Good gas mileage, while still feeling sporting during take off and passing.	Nice handling, never feels unsettled.	And no less reliable than Toyota/Honda.	Overall, if you want a sedan, buy a Hyundai Sona	
2 Best car I have ever owned or rode in.	
1 great family car 	
2 I had a Camry but decided to go with the Sonata this time after some thought, I believe I made the right choice.	
1 Perfect car.	
1 Got Sonata Limited 2.0T w/premium package and more; Drives very nice; outstanding power, navigation, incredible combination of luxury (panoramic sun roof, heated front and rear seats; rear seat vents; infiniti sound system, XM, bluetooth, mini plug, USB,	
1 If your shopping for a car and want good value you have to drive this car.	
1 I would recommend this car to anyone looking for great fuel efficient family sedan for a very good price and an excellent warranty.	
1 BUY BUY BUY 	
1 LOVE IT 	
1 Have previously owned Camrys, but would recommend this car...love it.	
1 a very good handling car on the highway and on the street.	and great on gas... 	
2 We were going straight to the Nissan dealership but on a whim stopped by the Hyundai dealership across the street took a test drive then went straight to the office and purchased the vehicle!	
1 woul buy again 	
2 plain and simple i was impressed with the test drive and walked off the lot with my sonata 1 hour later 	
1 Great deal on any model Hyundai at the moment.. Take a peek for yourself!	
1 GREAT CAR 	
1 A great car, at a great price.	with a great warranty.	its was close between the sonata and the mazda 6 but the mazda was more with less stuff though it drove a little better it didnt warrent the extra cost and it doesnt even come to the power the sonata	
1 For the style and overall comfort you can't go wrong.	I never thought Hyundai would get my vote.	But I'm very pleased.	
1 Great car, fresh design, great gas mileage.	Do something about the passenger seats and mirrors (lower it some) 	
2 not good so far 	
2 We are a big family but we were tired of minivans.	We were almost ready to by an SUV (Santa Fe/CRV) but one drive in the 2013 Sonata and we fell in love.	
2 Not a bad car for the money but I probably would have gone with something else had I done my research.	
1 Nice 	
1 I had a 2004 Sonata for 8 years that I just Loved.	The 2013, I just like.	
2 This car is fine for me now but I probably would purchase a smaller vehicle next time.	
2 LOVE IT!	
1 With the price of gasoline today a car with lousy gas mileage gets downgraded badly by this problem.	
1 grat car 	
1 Excellent!!!	
2 The car is sharp -no doubt; after 7 months of ownership, I still do a double take after parking and walking away .The acceleration lag is annoying to me, but I think I am getting used to it and if you ask my wife, it has led me to better driving habbits.	
2 I seldom purchase the same make of car twice, BUT , I'll make Hyundai my first choice when I start looking for another car.	I'll probably be keeping this to pass down to one of my grandchildren.	
1 I have had the car for three weeks and have just under 3,000 miles and it has been a joy to drive.I drive 50,000 miles a year so this car is comfortable for me.	
1 definitely recommend, years ahead of the bland Accords and Camry's, fusions look good, but I bet no one gets 47mpg... 	
1 Am looking at buying one as a replacement for 17 year old car.	
2 Great if you are ok with a truck like ride.	
2 great on fuel - fun to drive - I'll never be able to get my wife out of this vehicle.	
1 excellant 	
1 Very pleased with purchase - lots of options with the Limited - classy look and fun to drive!	
2 I would not purchase another Hyundai for three reasons: (1) the dealership was unfair in negotions , (2) the tires were poor and wore out too soon w/no warranty, and (3) it is not good on gas.	
2 FIRST TIME OWNER OF A HYUNDAI,SEE HOW IT DOES WHEN WE TAKE A TRIP IN A COUPLE MONTHS 	
2 love my hundai 	
2 very comfortable, good milage, few problems, 	
2 My wife has 2011 Tucson Limited AWD and loves it and I wanted something higher than my previous Elantra; so I bought a FWD GLS as our second vehicle.	
1 Don't waste your time researching this car 	
1 I highly recommend this SUV 	
1 If you are considering a crossover SUV, the Tuscon fits the style, comfort and afforadability for today's families 	
2 very good deal 	
1 great car 	
1 Love it!	
1 Unique styling that wasn't intended to be a family sedan or sports car 	
1 Did alot of shopping and checked out all brands Acura, BMW, Toyota, Lexus, VW, Audi, Subaru, Chevy , Ford, .	When I asked why I should buy there car instead of a Hyundai just about everyone of them said Hyundai sold a good warranty.	Instead of giving any	
2 best compact car we have owned.	
1 Had a 2014 Veloster Turbo since May 2013 and it had problems starting the day after we drove it off the lot.	Numerous electrical problems and acceleration issues the first month.	First the stereo and navigation systems stopped working.	It took 2 months f	
1 A solid, well built car!	
1 Well above average 	
1 You cannot go wrong on this purchase..if you do your research, go drive the competitors, study ALL aspects of a vehicle in this class/style/range...or even a step up on the pricing...the winner is THIS CAR...if you're honest with yourself about it.	Those	
1 EXCELLENT VALUE, LOW COST OF OWNERSHIP, GREAT RESALE, BEST WARRANTY, WHY WOULD YOU WANT SOMETHING ELSE IF YOU'RE A VALUE SHOPPER LIKE ME.	
1 This is a zippy looking car that is fuel efficient fun to drive.	More power is available in the turbo version but for evey day driving, this car is hard to beat.	
1 Great fuel efficient coupe big on style and comfort.	
1 Overall, I love this car and I have no regrets about choosing it.	It makes me happy every time I drive it!	
1 I will own this car for many years to come...hope to drive it way over the 100,000 I put on my previous Hyundai!	
2 Glad I bought it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
1 If you want a fast, fun, funky car this is it!	
1 I love the car just wish that the radio worked right and that it had better insulation against road noise 	
2 After owning for less than a week, so much fun to drive and great standard options on turbo model.	Still wondering how I'll feel about the lack of a 4th door in a year or so, but considering our passengers are mainly our dogs and rarely people, I think w	
1 Get the turbo!	well worth it.	Have a friend who bought the non turbo and now wishes he did.	
1 Good value, fun car 	
2 WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND LOOKS GREAT GETS GOOD GAS MILEAGE AND A HOOT TO DRIVE 	
2 Love it!!!	
2 a car that I am not just proud to own but look forward to driving it.	
2 This car handles great and it is a very comfortable ride.	
2 Love this car....I have a bright red one....goodbye SUV hello STYLE 	
1 Love it and I'm retired 	
1 Everything was great besides the style.	It is hard to recommend such an ugly car.	
2 I love this car, fun to drive, took is aross country very comfortable reliable and gas is alot cheaper.	
1 great car...I am glad not everyone has one...I like being special.	
1 A great vehicle.	
2 LOVE IT 	
1 Best car on the market 	
1 Awesome little sporty car !	
1 Great car.	Love it.	
2 Great car, I LOVE IT!!!	
1 Very pleased with purchase.	
1 Love this car, totally recomend it.	
1 The Veloster Turbo is head turner regardless of what color you get it in.	The turbo model has definitely boosted the rep of Hyundai upstart.	Overall this new model within a few years will be leading the way!!	
1 Great car alot of fun.	
2 great things about the smart phones is they have the time which sets itself even during day light saving, the car is under warranty so I'm not worried, so beside from being late to my appointments at work I'm cool in the best car purhased I've ever made.	
2 Best car I've owned so far.	
2 I Would Recommend This Car To Everyone 	
1 Great overall car!	
1 love my car 	
1 I wish I had waited for the Turbo for a little bit better acceleration, but overall, you will NOT be disappointed in this car (just no racing away from red lights).	There are some unusual blind spots created by the design, but once you get used to them a	
1 excellent car 	
1 10 plus 	
1 Great vehicle!	
1 Great fuel mileage for a perfomance car, turns alot of heads.	
1 love it 	
1 10 out of 10 	
2 I'm really glad I bought this car.	
2 We have enjoyed owning this vehicle,using it around town as well as on long trips.	We have not encountered any real problems with it at all.	
1 Very nice vehicle 	
1 I would recommend this vehicle to anyone in the market for a SUV.	
1 Love it!	
1 Excellent ride combined with a ton of luxury features.	My only real complaint is the poor gas mileage.	
1 See above 	
1 Bought 2, I liked it so much.	
1 Realiability and appearance the car is perfect.	
2 This is a wonderfully fun car to drive and it's crisp lines with beautiful interior makes it spectacular.	
1 Over all is a very good car and good pricing compare to other similar cars.	
1 The best of the best!	
1 Performance that matches a 335i and smokes an A5 for about $200 less per month on a lease.	
1 I'm in love with it..!!	
1 I like a car to be a little less than common place.	There are so many BMW's on the road that I shy away from them.	In pretty much every category that matters the Infiniti G is the equal of a 3 series.	0-60 time, handling, comfort are all on a par with th	
2 best car i ever owned 	
2 I don't think you can get a nicer faster more equipped car for the money period.	
1 Great value for the price.	I am definately going to buy another one.	
1 Fantastic car 	
1 This is a great 4-door sedan.	I was looking for a 4 door with a heart of a sports car and this is it!	
1 Given the competitors in the class - along with those cars a step below - you can probably get a better value.	
1 Love this car.	Fun to drive 	
1 A good compromise, good value and performance for the money.	
2 best car i ever owned 	
1 I don't think you can get a nicer faster more equipped car for the money period.	
1 Great value for the price.	I am definately going to buy another one.	
1 Fantastic car 	
1 This is the 5th Infiniti in the family and they have all been beautifully made cars.	The g37x is a BMW killer for much less money.	The car feels like a sports car when you want to have fun and is smooth and quiet when you are just trying to get home.	Not	
1 This is a great 4-door sedan.	I was looking for a 4 door with a heart of a sports car and this is it!	
1 Given the competitors in the class - along with those cars a step below - you can probably get a better value.	
1 Love this car.	Fun to drive 	
1 A good compromise, good value and performance for the money.	
1 In short it is a great car, but highly under-rated.	
1 great car 	
2 Best car I have ever owned ... 	
1 For a near luxury vehicle, I would choose this vehicle over the Audi due to the fact that my previous Audis was unreliable with the electrical (many in fact) issues and very expensive maintenance.	
1 it ight 	
2 Overall, would highly recommend this vehicle; I've driven it for over a year without a single problem.	
1 Fun, drivers car.	Great styling, ride and overall package.	
1 Great overall car 	
1 good car .. 	
1 Superbly illumintanig data here, thanks!	
1 I'm not wtorhy to be in the same forum.	ROTFL 	
1 Need you ask?	
1 great!	
2 Best vehicle I ever owned 	
1 Own a Denali now and truly liked the interior room over my current vehicle.	
1 Overall, I truly miss my old QX56.	It was simpler and I don't think that any of the interior changes were for the better.	The old camera system made more sense to me, storage was a huge factor, leg room for a large luxury suv was important to me, everyth	
1 Excellent Value 	
1 This SUV instills great confidence in it's ride, performance and roadworthiness, while at the same time offering comfort for the passengers.	
1 great overall large suv, 	
1 Very pleased with dealership and with the car.	I hope I am eventually able to figure out the touch screen without having an accident.	I think it is beautiful and it is supposed to get better gas mileage than the G37x.	
1 Infiniti is not the Japanese BMW anymore with this offering.	Exceptional fit, finish, and tight handling.	
1 the most important thing in infiniti cars are that nissan don't install that piece of junk CVT transmissions which kills all the beauty engine performance, i love infiniti and i always will 	
1 I would recommend this car to everyone whose asked me about it.	The car is just an overall exhilarating machine and a pleasure to drive around.	
2 Perfect size - not too big, not too small.	Quality, feature set is just right, quiet, no road noise is coming into the cabin except 3.7 liter engine roar when pushed.	Power and ride of good luxury sporty sedan, with Direct Adaptive Steering making it mor	
1 Overall a great car.	
1 Infiniti has really hit a home run with the Q50.	
1 Based on looks alone this is a super car.	I like the ES350 better, better ride and better Navagation center ... 	
1 Best car I've ever owned.	Not going back to BMW, whose marketing, in my humble view, exceeds its reliability.	
1 Overall I give the Q50 a 10 !	Its combination of luxury & performance is a step ( or TWO) above others in its class !	
2 This will be my one and only Infiniti.	I will go back to my Audi in 2-3 years when I trade again.	
1 The Q50 is a great car to have.	
1 very refied in look and feel of all the materials inside the cabin.	The outside look is stylish and sporty looking.	
1 Congratulations to Jag!	You guys nailed it.	Enzo thought the E Type was gorgeous.	I can only imagine what he would think of the F-Type!	
1 Owned a Porsche Cayman S (modified to increase horsepower) and 650i BMW convertible, this car his head and shoulders above them.	Was looking to purchase a 911 Turbo but the F-Type is such a head turner.	My only concern will be its reliability due to Jagu	
1 The new generation Jaguar's are truly at the top of the class.	
1 2013 Jaguar XF is a fine piece of machinery.	XF supercharged has one goal in mind.	To give you a smooth ride with power ready to be unleashed at tap of the pedal.	Interior is a bit dated with the touchscreen interface.	New comers all the way down to the	
1 10..it%20is%20stellar 	
2 My ninth Jaguar in the past twenty years and the best of them all so far !	
1 Its an amazing car to drive.	
1 On a scale of 1-10 I give the Jaguar XF 10.	
2 love it 	
1 If you're reading this you're likely shopping for a high-end car.	Do yourself a favor and check out the Jaguar XJL - this car sets the standard for luxury cars IMHO.	
1 Outstanding!	
1 To the press.	I mentioned above how to disable the touch screen animations in the settings.	I've also heard a few reviewers complain that the park assist screen stays on after you go from reverse to drive.	The park assist automatically terminates once yo	
1 JustAbsolutelyGorgeous!Breathtaking, Stunning, Beautiful 	
1 What a car should drive and look like.	
1 A 10 in my book 	
2 The new Jeep Cherokee is everything its predecessor was and much more!	
1 Awesome addition to the Jeep lineup.	
1 Excellent, safe, beautiful SUV 	
2 No buyers remorse.	
1 A lot of value for the money 	
2 One of the best Jeeps in years.A great in between vehicle, combining attributes of the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee.	
1 The Cherokee is alot of SUV for the money 	
1 Our favorite Jeep thus far (this makes 	
2 Overall, I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase and anticipate long lines to get the Trailhawk model; she's a beast.	
2 Excellent Choice and great millage 	
1 Great mid sized SUV.	
1 As much as I loved the vehicle I couldn't get over the service from the salesman, he wasn't pushy or trying to seal the deal right then and there.	He really catered to my needs.	When I finally do decide to buy I will fly down to LA just to buy from him.	
2 In the end the other attributes of the Cherokee overcame my disappointment with cargo space, making the 2014 Jeep Cherokee a BUY!	
1 Jeep outdid theirselves with this one 	
1 Go and TEST DRIVE ONE TODAY!!!	You will not be disappointed!!	
2 fantastic suv at a great price 	
2 its a very good car and I recommend to other people 	
1 Doesn't have the power of my Grand Cherokee with the V8 Hemi, but then I didn't expect it to and it sure gets better gas mileage.	
1 GREAT LITTLE SUV.	I RECOMMED THIS SUV TO ANYONE.	I LOOKED AT CHEVY .NISSAN.	NO MATCH.	
1 Being brand-loyal to Chrysler products and with the price offered, it was an easy choice to make.	I seriously considered and researched competitors, but did not find the higher prices for the competitors justified with respect to potential increased perf	
1 good basic vehicle for northern climate 	
1 I would highly recommend this vehicle.	It is among the best of the best.	
1 Decent ride and capable jeep.	But even for 55K it is still a jeep.	Tens of thousands cheaper than Range Rover with the same options but will be in the shop as much as a Range Rover.	However with the range rover you will at least have service reps pretend	
1 The Grand Cherokee is an excellent choice, we were considering several vehicles in the same segment when we decided to go with the Grand Cherokee and I wouldn't have it any other way.	
1 4k on it so far and I still really like the looks of the GC.The 8 speed tranny is nice, except at low acceleration it's a little lungy getting from 1st to 4th gear.It tows my ATV's with ease with the 5.7L Hemi; although that comes at a price at the pump.	
1 Save your money and from being very disappointed and buy something else.	
2 Overall its a great truck - it's a shame they couldn't get the electronics right before releasing it.	
1 Its a good vehicle 	
1 So far at 7,000 miles and dispite one recall for dash display, we really enjoy driving this vehicle.	
2 Very pleased with the vehicle overall, great fuel mileage, quick, smooth shifting, and all the luxury we wanted 	
2 Awesome Vehicle -minus- The Dealership 	
1 Wish leather and power seats were available on Laredo 4x4 	
2 Overall this is the nicest vehicle I have ever owned.	I hope to keep it at least 10 years.	
2 Love this truck - it is awesome!!!	
2 i am very happy to have bought another JEEP...it compares to the ML and is more enjoyable than an AUDI Q5 (egg salad without mayo) 	
2 would definitely recommend this vehicle...gas mileage is much better, transmission is better too 	
2 I am very pleased with this vehicle which replaced my 11 year old Grand Cherokee.	I liked the old one but this is a step up in terms of luxury and performance.	
2 You could spend less and get one of the other versions of the Grand Cherokee, but my decision to but the Summit was based on the ride and the appearance.	
2 Overall it is a great vehicle and I am a Jeep lover so we will get along well.	I have only had this for about a month now and am still learning my way around it.	
2 An extremely well put together and engineered vehicle 	
2 Overall, I am extremely happy with my Liberty.	Thanks to Jeep's cash incentives and dealership discounts, the price of this new vehicle was a bargain.	The ride and handling of the liberty are fantastic for a truck-based SUV... and I can't understand why	
1 I like this vehicle's ride, comfort size and drivability.	
2 It's a great smaller Suv for daily use w/ the convenience of offroad capabilities.	
2 It's an ok vehicle but if I had been able to forsee the problems I would not have purchased it.	
2 Good vehicle to own 	
2 Good rugged American style vehicle, needs a little refinement 	
2 For us, we could not have a better vehicle.	We looked for a long time and knew this was the right truck for us.	We also have a 2008 Sebring Hardtop convertible and the two vehicles have identical controls and dash layout, hands free phone and navigation,	
2 good truck for around town.	great in snow.	great in trails.	not a commuter at 16mpg but its a strong heavy truck and you feel safe in it.	
1 An O.K.	SUV.	
1 Put a good set of tires on it and you're ready to roll!	
2 I bought it before productions discontinued !	
2 We bought the Jeep as a replacement for my thirteen-year-old college car.	We've owned it now for six months and with the exception of the roof side rails and the amount of gas we go through, we are happy with our purchase.	
1 I drove it about 10 times and I just don't like it.	My friend does though so hey at least hes happy.	
1 I rented one of these for a week in Hawaii, and I wanted to share my experience.All vehicles are tradeoffs - you trade weight for space, or gas mileage for performance.	However, this seems to be a vehicle with all downsides, while offering no benefits in	
2 Great SUV amazingly capable and reminds me of previous cherokee.	Despite poor gas mileage you won't be driving the new cherokee disappointment set out by jeep.	
2 great truck tough, strong, good control, feels great while driving.	I recommend it for people who like the feel of a real truck but want something that's not tremendous and takes up lots of space 	
1 Overall I like it 	
2 Love my vehicle and If gas mileage and engine power on takeoff were improved, it would be a major contender.	
2 my JEEP is wonderful for me!!	
2 LOVE IT!	
1 Great cheap SUV on the budget, with great gas mileage.	
1 Very accurate opinions!	Encourageing!	
1 greta vehicl at a great price 	
1 For the money, this is a great buy.	If you want fancy, them this might not be for you.	Colors are limited, but good.	Not a van and not a car, but a very good choice for something in between.	
1 Great vehicle.	
2 Great in every way.	Would buy another in a heartbeat.	12,000 miles, not one problem.	
2 I would purchase this vehicle again.	
1 Other than the very dangerous ignition problem a good vehicle 	
2 Mine has 50000 miles on it and I've loved driving it for each one 	
2 VERY happy with my purchase.	
1 It is a Great care 	
1 It is a Jeep!!!	
2 I would examine all vehicles in this price range before purchasing another Jeep.	Unless you have no reason to need your electronic toys powered up and one 12 volt plug is enough for you, and you don't experience the electronic issues I have....you may be	
2 I would recommend a jeep to my friends 	
2 worst car, new or used, I have ever owned 	
1 My next car won't be a Jeep 	
2 great all round suv 	
2 Excellent Buy 	
2 Great for my family of four.	Easy to pack up for weekend trips to beach or mountains and those trips to grocery store 	
1 Not worth it 	
2 comfortable and trail worthy car 	
2 Love it so far.	This is my first Jeep and wonder why I didn't buy one years ago.	
2 I will never buy anything other than a Wrangler from now on!	
2 Surprises me for gas mileage and how they hold their value!!!	
1 It is a must have.	
1 To summ it all up..	Aggressively styled, luxuriously appointed, appropriately powered and generously priced.	There really is no competition to this Cadenza, it has set the benchmark for affordable luxury for the working class.	Like me.	
1 2014 Kia Cadenza has entered the scene and is starting to build its reputation with a bang.	Having captured a first and second place victory in recent comparison test versus the competition, this new Kia is on its way.	Exterior of new Cadenza will remind	
1 Great car for the money- and I drove at all of the competition.	None could compare.	
1 Perfect car for my family 	
1 Test drove one of these while I was waiting for my parents Maxima to be serviced.	It needs work badly.	Its horribly underpowered, the transmission is indecisive and very slow to shift.	It will not downshift unless you put the pedal to the floor.	 Handlin	
2 great family car with fully loaded 	
2 This is my first Kia car and I have amazed quality of this car.	It is definitely the best choice for my family.	
2 great ride nice handiling 	
2 Wouldn't hesitate to buy another.	
1 I would highly recommend this car 	
2 you get your monies worth cant believe this is a KIA 	
1 Wish it had remote start 	
1 This car was a definite surprise.	Once you test drive this car, you will appreciate its quality and details.	This car is no German engineering from focus driving dynamics perspective, but if you are in the market for a comfortable cruiser with great styl	
2 I will probably go back to the Lexus LS - my old 2000 LS400 was more enjoyable to own , ride in and to drive.Only 1700 miles and almost 4 months of ownership I am disappointed.	
1 One of the best cars I've ever driven.	
2 If you can find one at a dealership buy it, you will not find a better car value.	
2 If you're looking for a car that has all the options of a an expensive car but is reasonably priced, buy a Cadenza.	
2 Excellent vehicle with the drivability of a BMW or other camparable sedans 	
2 This car puts the fun back in driving!	
1 Good value with the best warranty on the msrket.	
2 VERY HAPPY 	
2 Over all I'm very pleased, was the easeiest new car buy I ever had in and out in under 3hrs.	And like I said earlier the car is WELL built, I will keep it way past the 10yrs..... 	
2 fantastic car 30 mpg around town and 36 on highway 	
1 This car handles very well.	Gas mileage is awesome 	
2 I would recommend this to anyone looking at higher-end cars (Corolla, Elantra etc) Great car at good price with lots of luxuries.	
2 the car is not bad at all just a spare tire lether seats better radio thats it 	
1 This is a nice car, however you might want to look for something more economical if most of your driving is in the city.	
2 I do not have too much to complain about... 	
2 Excellent vehicle, great price, great dealership.	Check out the Kia before you spend more on a different brand.	
2 OVERALL ITS A NICE DRIVING VEHICLE 	
2 Have The 13/Optima SX and The 14/Forte EX Love Both Cars, They are Parked Side by Side In The Garage!	
1 great car with plenty of room inside 	
2 The Forte is the best car I've ever driven 	
2 love this car can't wait until I can take it out on the highway 	
1 love it!!!!	
1 Over all this is a remarkably good looking car with more than moderate performance FOR THE MONEY.	Any improvements would cost an additional 10 to 15 g. The driving feel of the car and the fit and finish make it a winner.Plus it has a five year 100,000 k	
1 great value for the price 	
1 When I was shopping for a car, I looked at the Kia Rio due to it being very stylish and cheap but what turned me off to it was that it doesn't even a spare tire!!!!!!!	It comes with a Fix-a-flat can which is only useful in certain situations.	I would nev	
2 Nice little car.But Im not only disapointed, Im very unhappy with the purchase based on the transmission problem, and the customer service is completely unaceptable.	
1 That's a smart asnewr to a difficult question.	
2 GREAT CAR 	
2 I just love my new vehicle 	
1 NONE 	
2 I test drove everything, and I do mean everything from a Honda/Nissan/Ford up to a $40k sport utility truck and then choose a Kia.	
2 I would rate my Kia Rio an 8.5 out of 10.	
2 Love this car!	
2 Attractive and good handling 	
2 i have 17k on it and no problems at all 	
1 not the car for me 	
1 not the car for me 	
1 Would not recommend this car to own.	
1 Over all a great car for the price.	I average 40-41 MGG 	
1 Decent car, not going to win any races, but still a good solid car.	
1 none 	
2 Quite satisfied through this early mileage..the true test comes at 25,000 and then 50, 000 etc.	Look, if you want to get AC, but not pay a lot for a car, this one is it....My car is as basic as anything built, but totally fulfills my needs (retired, mid-	
2 so far so good but i have had the car only a week 	
2 Great car for the money, I got high end features such as backup camera, power mirror, and power folding mirrors for the same price as base models of other vehicles.	
2 easy to work with dealer 	
1 AWESOME!	
2 Best car for the money I could find 	
1 Awsome car 	
1 I like this car.	It's inexpensive, relatively fuel efficient, and spacious for a compact car.	Putting the back seats down really gives a lot of space.	
2 All in all, I dislike this car and cannot wait to trade it.	Only 3,000 miles on the clock - anone interested?	
2 We will wait and see before we write an overall review.	
1 A worth buying little car 	
1 See my review of 2009 Kia Rio5 before considering purchasing 2011 	
1 It could be a little more modern looking .It looks kind of a Senior citezens van.		
1 BLAH 	
1 DRIVE IT , YOU WILL LOVE IT 	
2 Will never buy another chrysler van, 	
2 Will never buy another chrysler van, 	
1 A test drive is not good enough to write a review about any vehicle, owning it is.	
1 Overall I really like this car!	
2 After three months of ownership, I couldn't be happier.	The L2 is the best-kept secret among SUV's.	
1 Have fun with it, do the land rover off road events, wnjoy the looks.	
2 Nothing has stopped this vehicle so far.	It has made light of snow, ice, mud and country roads in all weather conditions.	It is equipped with all the goodies one could wish for - a list too long to detail here - and I have put my money where my mouth is	
1 Riding on a lighter aluminum platform and dropping the base V8 in favor of a supercharged V6, the new Range Rover Sport is certainly sportier...I saw it in Land Rover North Dade and now I must buy it till has good price!	
1 Go for it 	
1 OUTSTANDING!!!	
1 If you don't have the new Range Rover get one now.	
1 This vehicle is not worth the risk.	Manufacturer does not support their product.	
1 Land Rover took a big risk in America on this compact SUV, they needed a better fuel economy asset vehicle to stay competitive and relevant in the market place.	They created a beautiful car with sleek lines, that is 95% true to the prototype we saw a few	
2 I would rate the vehicle a   7 overall.	
2 great value and it attracts attention 	
2 I feel safe behind the wheel of this truck.	
1 I recommend test driving the Sport model but, if you are looking for more of a soft ride vehicle try the Range Rover HSE, non sport model.	This is also a great vehicle also.	
2 best off roading vehicle ever 	
1 Seriously, test drive this car.	
1 get it!	you will love it... 	
1 This car fits my needs and likes, regardless of its tight back seat.	Will be going back in 2 days to try and make a deal.	
1 A Best Buy by any measurement.	
1 I highly recommend this car if you are interested in a sporty looking, great driving, gas saving vehicle.	It is a nice option if you would not want a Prius.	However, you must keep in mind, the motor and electric motor is exactly the same of a Prius.	Revi	
1 If you don't consider this car you are making a big mistake 	
2 ALL 100% 	
1 wow 	
2 this car is outstanding, my second hybrid car and i must say the best, does not lack any comforts and above all else does not look like a cab!!	
2 We had a 2012 ES 350, and enjoy the 2013 ES 300h more.	Not only is the vehicle excellent but the ownership experience provided by the dealer has continued to be excellent.	The controls are easy to understand, but at first, I was less than thrilled with t	
2 This is an excellent vehicle overall for those of us who want to save on gas and be eco-friendly without sacrificing luxury.	I highly recommend this vehicle to anyone.	
1 I'd recommend to anybody looking at equivalent models such as Cadillac CTS, BMW 3 or 5 series, Mercedes 200 or 300 series, don't waste your money the Lexus ES 300 h is better, less expensive, far better on gas and truly an attractive body style.	Review I	
1 The single most important feature in this car is the sport mode.	It would be hard to merge into highway with 4 cylinder 156 HP limousine size car.	Sport mode is a must to merge into highway from a low speed.	For 46k plus price of this car is not worth it	
2 So far it's the   best car we ever owned--- it replaced our 2001 ES300; we still own a 2007 ES350.	
2 I would highly recommend, and have, this car to anyone looking for a high quality hybrid automoble 	
1 Excellent quality, great luxury, good performance and outstanding mileage for a car of this size.	
2 My seventh Lexus, but this one is the best yet!	
2 9 out of 10.	
2 Satisfied with Lexus 300 Hybird 	
2 Didn't thiink Lexus could improve further, from my past vehicles, but this one did.	
1 Great car.	
1 Excellent car.	I never thought they could improve on the ones I owned previously but they sure did.	I can't imagine a better car than this at any price.	
1 Absolutely stunning value for money.	Please, before bashing Lexus for just being and upscale Toyota, go drive one objectively.	If creature comfort, long term reliability and family are your focus, this will be your top 3 consideration.	Yes, I have driven	
2 Very Happy with my car.	
1 Great car!!!	
1 just a very nice sedan 	
2 GREAT CAR ( ONLY HAVE IT A WEEK) 	
1 WILL BE GETTING ETH CAR IN 2-3 DAYS AND VERY EXCITED 	
1 WILL BE GETTING ETH CAR IN 2-3 DAYS AND VERY EXCITED 	
2 Great Vehicle 	
1 Great car.	Test drove GS, A6, M37, Avalon, Accord.	The ES had the best overall package for the money hands down.	
2 Love It !!	
2 I am loving this car to the utmost.	It is everything I could ever want in a luxury car for the price.	
1 I really love this car!	
1 Very good car love the redesign.	Loads of rear space.	Nice... 	
1 Very good car love the redesign.	Loads of rear space.	Nice... 	
1 Thanks for tkanig the time to post.	It's lifted the level of debate 	
2 We made a good choice!	
1 THIS WON'T BE THE LAST ONE THAT YOU BUY!	
2 Great looks, great ride, very roomy interior 	
1 Quality construction makes this auto a real winner.	
1 For a person that loves an excellent vehicle with performance & handling !	
1 Overpriced compared to other 4 door luxury sedans especially those made in the US.	
1 best car ever 	
1 In the less than 100k bracket this Lexus 350 is an all around practical (but cool) car.	
1 I was loaned a Porsche Panamera for a week, and loved it, in many ways the GS F Sport is comparable, with more room in the rear seats.	
2 Sporty 4 door sedan that is fun to drive!	
2 Although the vehicle handles well, the overall complexity of the systems proves both frustrating and distracting creating, all too often, an unpleasant driving experience.	
2 8 out of 10 	
2 THIS IS A GREAT CAR AND GREAT VALUE.	I TRADED A 2013 BMW 750I FOR MY 2013 LEXUS GS350 AND SO GLAD I DID.WATCH OUT BMW HERE COMES LEXUS 	
1 It looks similar to the new 2013 altima.	
2 I love the car but am disappointed at the omissions i mentioned for a car at this price point.	
2 Great car; would recommend it to anyone.	
2 Almost 10k miles so far, and still love the car as much as the day I bought it.	
1 not worth the money 	
2 Lexus is quality - no question about it.	If you get into the Lexus family - you'll find that it's easy to stay.	Love intelligent design - and quality that stands the test of time.	Really a gift to be able to drive this car!!!	
2 My husband convinved me to purchase this car in May (I wanted another Benz).	I've had many cars over the course of my car buying years (I'm middle aged :) In my early years I owned a few American muscle cars.	In the last 15 years I've owned Mercedes (S50	
2 Owned this car for 3 months,light years ahead of the previous model in style and quality.	
1 A 5 star ride.	
1 Don't listen to the fake reviews on here marking this car down.	Don't base your decision on my review.	Take each side of the story, head down to the dealership, and base your decision on someone you trust, yourself.	All you have to do is drive one.	Revie	
1 I would pass on this toyota 	
2 Incredible car 	
2 would buy another 	
1 If I want a great car I'd buy the new Cadillac, this car is just WRONG, the styling looks like something from the 80's.	I see why M-Benz and BMW are beating Lexus in sales numbers, this car is as exciting as cold mash potatoes  BORINGIf you don't reali	
1 Excellent car.	Best Lexus of all.	
2 The best vehicle that I have ever owned.	
1 first class all the way 	
1 great car!	
2 DRIVES LIKE A DREAM AND HANDLES LIKE NONE OTHER.	VERY VERY IMPRESSED!	HAVE THE MARK LEVINSON STEREO AND IT IS WORLD CLASS!!	
1 so-so 	
1 best Luxury Car 	
1 Love this vehicle - very classy!!	
1 Great luxury and sports car!!!	
1 Outclassed by many of it's less expensive luxury competitors.	
1 Very good car.	
2 Great car 	
1 wood, sound, drive, looks = Guality 	
1 This vehicle is almost perfect 	
1 great SUV 	
1 I DONT RECOMEND THIS CAR TO PEOPLE WHO LIKES GOOD THINGS.	
2 Really great car but some first year bugs that need to be ironed out.	
1 makes the drive in the inner city rush hour a whole lot easier to deal with 	
1 Not worth the money, far nicer cars out there for this money.	
1 Excellent choice for drivers wanting a great handling car and a reputation for quality and reliability.	
1 Just saw online 	
1 overall its reliable, fast, stylish and comfy but it a little to expsensive 	
2 the best car lexus ever built 	
2 Car is beautiful and an eye catcher, but a little less value then the price, for a fast car... 	
1 Ok 	
1 Buy a String Ray!	
1 The best car 	
1 it ight 	
1 this car is a patheitc attempt by lexus to make a super car 	
1 This is a performance car you buy for style and the quality.	Just don't get into any drag races with the new Skyline GTR.	
1 Overall if you want luxury this is still the best value 	
2 i will give it 4 from 10 	
2 I would have rated it all perfect if it the back seat can fit my kids, on two can sit fine, the middle does not fit any one and uncomfortable 	
1 pricey but nice.	
2 My 4th LX in 15 yrs!	
1 The 2013 LS 460 with its new aggressive look gives Lexus a well needed idenity of there own.Quality,comfort,dependability,and style is what you get with this Lexus, if you are tried of getting stuck out on thehighway with electrical problems in your Euro	
2 An amazing piece of engineering.	
1 Great car... 	
1 Its beautiful car with a beautiful eco friendly engine.	If you get this car you won't regret it 	
1 Best car /suv around!!	
1 Excellent 	
2 I am glad I got this vehicle, Wish I can own two!	
2 If I could I would have 2.	I would suggest this car to anyone in the market for a SUV.	
2 Great car.	
1 Good Car!	
2 Love the quality.	
1 nice suv 	
1 Nothing to write home about it.	
2 Overall just right for a couple for trips and around town 	
1 Buy a Nissan 	
1 The Lexus reputation is what you are buying here.	Toyota corporation has spent billions building up the Lexus brand in the past 20 years and it's time to reap those rewards.	The car is a couple of steps above your Toyota/Honda/Nissan and slightly ahead o	
1 Great car for a small family!	
2 A nice car that makes you want to drive it everyday... 	
1 would buy a ford explorer 	
1 The 2013 RX 350 is a great car.	
1 Not worth the price.	
1 Overall the product is declining every year.	Turn in our RX in this year and we are looking to switch to somthing beside a Lexus.	
2 Great value compared to competition.	
2 I test drove five other competing SUVs before I bought the RX350 and the comfort of the seats and smooth quiet ride tipped the scale for me.	The V6 with the 6 speed transmission is silky smooth and as an enthusiast with many BMWs in my past, I don't find	
2 Great beautiful car except the AM Radio!	
1 great!	
1 It's a 10 	
1 We tested six SUVs in this size/price range and found a lot to like -- and some to dislike -- about each.	Nothing profound there.	Mercedes felt solid but was too small.	Cadillac had power but the cabin felt cheap and plastic-y.	Land Rover was great but d	
2 The vehicle handles exceptionally well in snow and ice.	
2 This car is perfect!!!	LEXUS got it all right!!!	
1 Outstanding 	
2 Best car I have ever owned.	
1 Put a moon roof on it and you will have a lot more buyers, me included 	
1 Good looking , but noises!High price for status symbol!	
2 Wife loves the car, so that's all that counts.	
2 It is a great car except price.	
2 for Driving comfort and the feel of safety on the road the RX 350 is hard to beat.	
1 Nice SUV but american quality is catching up Lexus.	
2 I highly recommend this vehicel to anyone wanting a pure luxury hybrid that really saves fuel.	
2 GREAT CAR 	
1 excellent suv gas mileage from 28-30 quality throughout!	
2 Spouse and I really like the ride, fuel economy and overall workmanship of this vehicle.	
2 excellent handling suv, very user friendly, a pleasure to drive.excellent quality suv.	
1 This is the queen of luxury SUVs, if you like the styling and Lexus craftsmanship, you should test out this car if you are in the market for a luxury SUV 	
1 I think this is a great car if you're in the market for a BIG hauler.	I know it isn't for everyone, but I also think it is way underrated, and in the large crossover segment of the market, for sheer fun to drive, as well as luxury and features is has bee	
2 Except for some inital quality issues, I absolutely love this car.	Comfortable, super quiet, very smooth ride.	I look forward to driving it for many years.	
2 Excellent car with great service.	
2 Awesome ride, had it for 3 weeks, find places to go just so I can drive.	
2 Still a +++ for me 	
2 rate 1 to 5, 1poor 5 excellent Exterior and interior fit and finish 5 Handling and suspension , brakes 5 Electrical,electronics,sound ,controls 5 Day to day short trips,Interstate trips ease of use 5 Driveway wash and dry ease 5 If you wish normal drive	
2 for the price i paid hard to compare best in class.	highly recommend.	
1 The unmistakable unique style, performance and interior comfort make it an all around winner in this segment 	
1 Not worth the price .. 	
1 luv the car x milage 	
1 THE TOP OF THE LIST!	
2 Love the Sync, much improved over earlier versions.	Read professional reviewers comments, they must not have spent much time with the vehicle as those reviews did not reflect my experiences at all.	Was very impressed by Lincoln, more people need to test	
1 Drove similar cars and absolutely fell in love with the MKT.	I would recommend one to anyone.	
2 Great lovely car, with so much available amenities, and wonderful family hauler.	
2 Excellent car all through out.	
1 great car 	
1 Best car ever!	
2 I previously owned a 2010 MKS Eco boost and I absolutely loved that car.	I upgraded to the 2013 MKS Eco boost and it is a totally different car.	I've only owned it for about a week and I am already impressed with it, and for the naysayers out there that	
1 everyone has a cadilac,this is a lincoln baby 	
2 great car 	
1 BEST CAR EVER.	
2 10 out of 10.	
1 the best for the price 	
1 STRICTLY CLASS,,,,,, COMFORT,,,,,,,, AND THE ROAD IS YOURS,A SMILE 	
1 Excellent car for the price!	
1 I don't pay any attention to what Consumer Reports says about cars.	They're very biased in favor of certain Asian makes even when they're not the best.	This car is a true luxury car and is very safe.	
1 Everyone should give this new Lincoln a try lots of standard equipment for the money .American luxury is back.	
2 WILL BY AGAIN - THIS IS MY 3RD LINCOLN 	
2 You will be missing out if you don't add this vehicle to your list to try.	
1 love the car really sporty 	
2 Very happy that I purchased .Fun to drive home, from a hard days work!		
1 ugly 	
1 Lincoln(Ford) are making excellent cars.	I am so surprised that their ratings by a so-called experts are not higher.	
2 Very Good 9.5 	
2 Great car for a reasonable price for all the options you get.	i have premium, and elite package that gives you everything 	
2 STYLE,COMFORT,POWER, 	
1 no problems 	
2 I think the Lincoln MKS is the best car I have ever owned.	I would recommend it.	
2 Fantastic Vehicle.. 	
2 Great car, keep up the good work!!!	
1 Test drive other cars.	My last rental was an Impala LTZ, Ironically i liked it better.	
2 what an amazing vehicle.. 	
1 Would recommend 	
1 Top notch,test drove the RX,MDX and Grand Cherokee.Nothing compared!	
2 Great car from a great company they care about consumers 	
2 Good purchase 	
1 Many of the problems were created by Ford/Lincoln with the Touch system.	It had way to many bugs in it when they released it and did not have a good patch.	
1 Fantastic SUV.	LIncoln has outdone itself.	
2 Would be an almost perfect vehicle except for the frustrating My Lincoln Touch issues.	
2 Excellent Vehicle, I have no complaints 	
1 Love this vehicle !!!	all the comforts that a vehicle should have beutiful interior gorguos leather seat's and trim exquisitly done with perfection 	
2 I made a very poor choice when I bought this car.	
2 We are very pleased that we purchased this car after spending a lot of time looking at the comparable vehicles from other mfgs.	
2 I went back to the dealer I bought the car from and was told there was nothing they could do.I notified the company but the company totally ignored my complaint.	I am not sure I will buy another Lincoln again.	
2 Very satisfied with overall purchase.	
1 Overall the lincoln mkx is a true American luxury car that looks more expensive then it is.	Highly recommend the mkx to anyone looking for a true luxury car with out the luxury price.	
1 excellent 	
2 would highly recommed this vehicle 	
2 I LOVE IT 	
1 Excellent SUV.	probably the best on the market today.	
1 Again, it is a Lincoln.	It is an American company.	
1 great car 	
1 I've owned every hybrid, Prius, Camry, Optima.	I have test driven every hybrid including the new Lexus ES and MKZ wins hand down for comfort, ride, styling and MPG.	The MPG is spot on.	I'm averaging 42 combined.	There is no hesitation when in EV mode at	
1 Last ditched attempt at a failing car company.	Lincoln Mercury .	Truly your fathers luxury vehicle 	
2 I have sold Lincoln's for 21 years and owned a 2001 before I leased my 2013 MKZ.	This car is by far the BEST in Quality I have seen come from Lincoln.	The 2011 was a GREAT car and rated best in dependability and I think this car is head and shoulders abo	
2 This car is drawing attentiona great indicator for future of the brand!	I have had all ages complement style of the new MKZ from the High School kids to heir Grand Parents.	
2 She loves it but she traded in a 2011 Lincoln MKZ that she loved.	
2 it's a great auto i am happy i bought this mkz 	
2 Would recommend to anyone wanting comfort, style, and safety as well as the desire to save money with greatfuel economy!I LOVE this car!	
2 I'd buy this car again without hesitation.	
1 Why isn't everybody driving a Lincoln forcing the price down for all of us.	
1 Great car!	
2 One of the best cars I have ever owned (14 so far) 	
2 Best car we've ever owned.	When we replace our other car, it will be with another Lincoln Hybrid.	Great warrenty too!	
2 I'm quite happy we chose the American made luxury hybrid.	The price diffrence probably won't be recovered in gas mileage over the gas model but we feel better about doing our small part in reducing emissions and being more efficient.	
1 My American made car: awesome !!	
1 This car is definitely worth putting your review list!	
1 Excellent 	
2 a excellent choice 	
2 I wanted it for longer road trips.	the 40 plus mpg and smooth ride have made mytwo 4000 miles to the east worth the purchase.	
2 With a fillup indicating 750 miles to empty, it's great to just avoid going to the gas station.	
1 Overall love the Lincoln MKZ Hybrid.	A few tweaks could be done with regard to storage compartments, gas mileage, etc.	; however I have a 2012 and perhaps all those matters were addressed for 2013.	Previously owned a 2011 Fusion (which I loved) but wanted	
1 Overall, we not gone buy lincoln MKZ until lincoln designers find a full electric engine 3.2 or greater for this carwe will keep the car for maximum of 15 years and during this period company will have lincoln dealership services and I have no idea you d	
1 It is a great all around car for comfort and economy!	
2 Best large SUV !	
2 Very luxurious, large, and also dependable on the road.	
2 this the best car in the world.	
1 Yes I want one for a daily driver 	
1 AWESOME.	For the price (93,000) you can't beat it.	Experts are comparing this to cars well over twice the price.	
1 I don't know who wrote the other review, but almost sure he does not own a Lotus.	Not sure why he wasted his time even putting up a review 	
1 Your thinking mactehs mine - great minds think alike!	
1 THIS IS THE MOST FUN I EVER HAD WITH A CAR 	
1 awesome 	
2 get it 	
1 Should have 	
1 lkvhadfiupvnaeiuofvhnslxckdjniaodfu bioeaurghfljvksdncpiaugdfpvjakdnca 		
1 lkvhadfiupvnaeiuofvhnslxckdjniaodfu bioeaurghfljvksdncpiaugdfpvjakdnca 	
2 Between my 2011 Bentley and my Maserati I always prefer to drive my Maserati 100% recommend 	
2 Love it would buy it again.	
1 WOW!	Love it!	
1 if you want a cheap investment by it !	The price is rt!!!	
1 luxury 	
1 Would recommend if price was more reasonable and build quality is improved 	
1 Overall this is a great car it has a great interior and it also has a great look and awesome finish.	
1 terrible horrible car glad they are out of business 	
1 peng 	
1 HORRIBLE 	
1 far too many people find it affordable 	
1 meh 	
2 Don't recommend it.	
1 Find away to lower the price and change BMW looks and it will be a spot on car that every one will be lineing up to buy .	
2 Awful 	
2 BEST ever will buy again 	
2 The best car ever, it's often mistaken for a limo.	
1 My driver says it is the best car he ever drove.	
1 HIGHLY RECOMMEND 	
1 2013 CX-5 will be less expensive but getting the 2.5 2014 is well worth the extra cost.	I don't believe anything else changed between the 2013 and 2014 SUVs.	
2 great car for the money, a really good value 	
1 Please Remove Me	
1 Never have been a big fan of Mazda but like this car!	
1 In looking at this class of car, I was interested in the fuel economy, the capability of the engine and the zoom-zoom factor that one expects from Mazda.	I am not disappointed.	This grand touring model with all its features was materially less expensive	
1 wallace in new mexico.	I became interested in the CX5 after extensive internet surfing, reading reviews and ultimately traveling over 150 miles to test drive one.	I drove a 2014 CX5 Touring front wheel drive model at a dealership in Albuquerque, N.M.	I t	
2 We wanted a vehicle with lots of room and good gas economy.	This was a wonderful choice.	
2 Never have been a big fan of SUV's but this one turned me.	A great little SUV for the couple on the go or the small family.	
1 Lots of bells and whistles, nothing outstanding.	
2 not so pleased with this vehicle.	...I should have kept my Prius.	
1 Great SUV 	
2 my fiance' fights with me over who's car this is, I love the pushbutton start, and keyless entry, we got the sport AWD version, and so far are satified with it's performance on-road, and in severe winter conditions.	we purchased in sept of 2012. Review I	
1 I think driving should be fun, but I need a practical vehicle that can hold some cargo.	The Mazda CX-5 fills the bill for the most part, except it could use at least 20 more hp, 	
2 I am very pleased over all a   pretty vehicle, very sporty looking 	
1 The car has issues behind.	If Mazda can solve it, it is OK because bugs/flaws are reasonable for a first year model.	But if Mazda could not solve it or does not have the right attitude to solve issues, it becomes a real problem.	
2 great car, test drive it and you will be sold 	
1 Big upgrade over the CRV this year.	
1 A very impressive small SUV 	
1 Great value and very stylish!	great gas mileage.	
1 A good ride.	I have been averaging just under 30 mph in mixed driving.	
1 An outstanding new addition to the SUV market.	
1 Going to get my 2014 sky blue in two weeks time, can't wait.	
1 The perfect match for economy and power.	
2 It's the most impressed I've been with a new car in 12 years of buying them.	
1 DRIVE IT AND YOU WILL BUY IT 	
2 I ordered it a couple of days after test driving, It's definitely the vehicle I want to be in for the next few years and the most fun SUV I've ever driven.	
1 10+ 	
2 I would buy another one if I had to or recommend it to another potential buyer 	
2 Would Recommend and Purchase this car Again.	
1 Fun to drive 	
2 Excellent all weather vehicle, fun to drive, economical on gas 	
1 Buy one, you won't be sorry!	
2 So far we made the right choice but this coming winter will tell the whole story living in Wisconsin's snow country.	
1 My search for the right vehicle was long.	I have a 16 year old that is 6'3and 250	
2 great car,better than the honda crv , I had 	
1 If you want a 5-passenger SUV that offers great looks, playful driving manners, impressive technology and good value, the 2014 Mazda CX-5 deserves a test-drive.	That it boasts class-leading fuel economy of up to 35 mpg feels like icing on an already tast	
2 Overall I do love this suv, but starting to think something is wrong with the one I bought.	
2 Our favorite vehicle in the past 20 years!	
2 Highly recommend.	You get your monies worth and then some.	
1 I love it!	
2 I have recommended the CX5 to my friend and family 	
1 I am buying this car.	
2 Overall, very pleased with this purchase.	We own our cars for a long time, so researched carefully and believe this one will still be there ten years out.	
2 buy one 	
2 Still love the car after 3 months , have no problem so far with 3000 miles ,can't wait to drive on long trips and the price is great ,it's on clearance now so take advantage of it while you can .	
2 owned less then 30 days taken one trip of 1,000 miles loved it nice ride and low road noise 	
1 Excellent vehicle for the cost concious.	Worthy of a test drive first before you comparison shop.	
1 overall typical great Mazda quality 	
2 Great vehicle... Got it at end of year deal for around 30,700 (before TTL, etc) (2012)Can't beat that for a grand touring package with bose option upgrade + moonroofGreat gas mileage as compared with other vehicles of this sizeabout 19-20 MPG on mixed 50	
2 awsome vehicle 	
1 Great design and have no maintenance issues ever!	
2 Love the proximity sensor.	Its Nice to approach the CX-9, press door button enter and start, without removing keys from pocket.	Also enjoy feature, to key press 2x and hold, and have the front windows and sunroof open to get rid of that hot blast of air.	
2 Gas milage is good for its size, I rate it a 10 all around.	
1 come on down 	
2 We are extremely happy with our purchase.	
1 Go ahead buy one ))) 	
2 Overall I would rate my Mazda CX9 a ten 	
1 the best overall value in this minuscule category of almost a real car 	
2 it a good little car 	
1 Most fun small car that should last and is cheap to buy and run.	
2 I would highly recommend this car to anyone looking for an inexpensive commuter that can double for traveling reasonable distances on vacation and carry plenty of stuff for shopping ... good stereo, good lights, cruise control, alloys ... just needs more	
2 Of all the vehicles that I test drove, I would buy this one again.	
2 cheap, cheap, cheap.	
1 I am used to driving luxury cars.	The Mazda 3 G.T.S.	compares favorably to any of them and at a dramattcally lower price.	
2 I will never buy a Mazda ever again.	I do not recommend buying Mazda's.	
1 I did a lot of research online in regards to price (including the competition), and I found out quickly that Mazda's don't carry a lot of mark-ups and rebates!	I went and priced the competition and realized that I felt bad for the people that bought cars	
2 A lot of car for the money!	
1 great car for the price 	
2 This is the best quality car for my need and ride.The highest torque is at a low engine rotation compared to other competitors of this C class car.Those who are looking for C class cars should at least look at and feel it and test drive.Mazda is not like	
2 Great handling car , back seat & wind noise were my main problem,salesman were awesome & not pushy 	
1 Excellent Car 	
1 3 thumbs up 	
1 great family car...great room in the back seat...economical price for the quality and beauty!!!	
2 Over all for the size and what we use it for it fills the bill and more.	
2 GREAT ALL AROUND CAR.	
1 The Mazda6 is an awesome attractively priced mid-sized car for people who like to drive.	Styling is jag-like, interior is almost Germanic in functionality, and the new Skyactiv engine and drivetrain has been delivering 28 mpg in the city consistently.	I	
2 Anyone who is in the market for a new sedan with a quality feel, great looks, class leading fuel economy and sporty handling should drive this car.	
1 2014 Mazda 6 really stands out amongst its peers.	With new designs of the Fusion, Altima, and Accord the Mazda had to bring something out to attract car buyers.	Exterior and interior on the 6 is definitely sharp and it will get your neighbors attention.	
2 In my one week of ownership over all I am pleased with the car intended functions....Its fun to drive and it makes my driveway look sexier than ever before...I thoroughly checked out all the competition (Nissan, Honda, Toyota) and this car was the only c	
1 From a single test drive, this has jumped almost to the top of my short list of cars to potentially replace my 13 year old Acura TL.	
1 I obsess.	A lot.	My initial short list was Civic, Accord, Mazda3 and 6, and the CX-5.	I dropped Civic and 3 w/out even looking, thinking why go small when small family is growing?	So we're down to three cars.	Dropped Accord because, well, they're somewha	
2 Moving up from a 2010 Mazda6 GT Plus this vehicle is better equipped.	With a little over 300 miles I have averaged nearly 30 MPG with mixed driving.	I'm still rolling on the new car tank of gas.	The ride is much more quiet than my 2010.	I have the Dunlap	
2 Near perfection for someone desiring a fun to drive, safe, roomy and fuel efficient mid-size sedan.	
1 IIHS top safetypick, zoom-zoom, great mpg, great looks...I guess it is the full package.	I really think it is an excellent value for the $$ 	
1 Easily in the top tier of all current mid sized vehicles.	
1 Was getting 32 mpg on the highway and now we're getting 32 mpg with the K&N in town.	
1 love it, love it , love it 	
1 I was in the market for a family car.	Must have driven the dealers mad in my community.	It came down to this and Honda Accord.	I am sad to say I went with Honda as this is definitely better looking, but the Cons became the deal breaker.	Don't get me wron	
1 One of my top 5 picks to buy 	
2 Mazda is has created a vehicle that provides best in market value along with a vehicle that is fun to drive.	
1 Excellent car for the money good quality feels solid.	
2 I am 100% satisfied.	
2 Very Simply Amazing, getting 32.5 mpg mostly around town, wish it had a tad more zoom, but understand that's a trade off for the 32.5 mpg 	
2 Love the car!	
1 Anybody looking for a Mid-sized car would be making a big mistake by not looking at this car.	It is simply far and away above the Camry, Accord, Sonata, Optima, Altima and Fusion.	
1 An excellent looking and fun to drive sedan.	Mazda's redesign of the 6 is simply stunning, and the value delivered both in fuel economy and in safety features is really compelling.	
1 My reommendation is to test drive it.	Once you do you will end up buying it.	
2 I compared with Camry, Accord, and Altima, and decided to go with 6.	I'm happy I made that decision.	
1 The 2014 Mazda 6 is the clear choice for those looking for an overall nice vehicle which is fun to drive.	It has many technological advances with luxury sedan safety features.	Young or old, you'll love the new Mazda 6.	
1 Best new Mazda in years!	
1 Do your self a favor and at least test drive the Mazda 6, before you decide to buy any other car.	
2 Great car!	I love it!!	
2 Great car!	I love it!!	
2 Very affordable, reliable, economical and overall value for price paid.	
2 Good Car 	
1 Thanks to Mazda for offering fun to drive, solid handling cars with tons of value.	Mazdaspeed 3 rules!	
2 Great car, fun to drive.	
2 I love this car.	I've owned 4 Mazdas and each one just gets better and better.	
1 Out of all the cars out there this one just did not work for me.	If i just wanted a DD it still would not be the speed3 and as far as performance its useless.	
2 With the tech package, you get everything you can wish for in a car for under $30k.	
2 I do recommend getting this if you want something cheap and quick, its a great car to have as your 2nd car.	Its a solid car and really enjoyable to drive.	
1 this car punches way out of it's price range and should not be sold or loaned to anyone under 25 with out close adult supervision.	
2 great little   hot hatch if you want performance for the money I would highly recommend this car, and if you can swing it get one with the tech package,i love mine!!	
2 good car 	
1 Mazda MX-5 Miata was named to Car and Driver Magazine's 10 Best Car list for 2013.	
1 A well-built, fast, stylish car, that's too much fun to drive!	
1 OKS 	
1 Amazing Sports Car!	
1 If you're in the market for a sports car, you seriously cannot go wrong with a Miata.	No, it's not as fast as a Porsche, but it is way cheaper to maintain and frankly unless you're taking it on the track every day the power is certainly above average con	
2 great car for the price,it is right up there with the BMW 	
1 great car for the price,it is right up there with the BMW 	
1 There are plenty of cars that can go faster in a straight line., but nothing under $50,000 that can make you smile like this car.	
2 Great car with lots of potential.	Excellent in reliability.	
1 perfect 	
1 Unfortunately Mazda has stopped production of the Rx-8, but the heart and soul lives on with their final revision known as the Spirit R. I commend and respect a company that continuously innovates and truly believes in their product.	As an automaker stan	
1 I would recommend it 	
1 Love this car 	
1 its ight 	
2 Problem free for over a year.	
2 I have had my Mazda Tribute just under 6 months & I have loved my Tribute i sport & will consider another Mazda down the road.	
2 This is my 3rd Mazda, and the Tribute just confirms what I already love about Mazdas.	
1 should make good use of the brand 	
2 drive before purchasing 	
2 Except for the Porsche 911 Carrera I had(totally different concept obviously), it's the best I've owned...sold on this new Merc 	
1 Test drive it.	Put it in sport mode.	You will buy it.	
2 Fun to look at.Fun to drive.Good mpg.Responsive handling.	
1 EVERYTHING ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING 	
2 has all the speed i need and gets great gas mileage.	I would recommend this car to everyone.	
2 Overall, we are pleased with our purchase, and would recommend this vehicle to others who are in the market to purchase an affordable luxury vehicle.	
1 i like it so much 	
1 Saving-up for AMG!	
1 THE CAR CAN USE COOLED SEATS INSTEAD OF VENTALATED 	
1 Excellent car 	
1 It has a unique style, technology, power and........well...its just awesome!	
1 ONE GREAT AUTOMOBLE 	
2 Fantastic car!	
1 10 from 10 	
1 After 30 years it is still the most stylish, reliable and capable vehicle made 	
1 this is a great looking car with many luxury features !	if they work !!	
1 For the high sticker price you are wasting your money.	The sale job of prestige is not there as most consider you foolish for spending that much on an average performing ride.	I don't understand the so called expert reviews.	They must be getting paid by	
2 The only problem we had was finding the right GL450 available in the color and options we wanted without having to wait for an order.The ride, handling and performance is terrific and with us owning it for 6months and driving almost 5,000 miles so far I	
1 Better SUV's for the money out there.	I test drove it for the weekend and didn't buy as a result.	Purchased a competitor 	
1 Nice car....expensive.....new design a bust 	
1 Love it, diesel!	
1 If you can afford it and want to enjoy your life, Go for it.	
1 I like the size of the vehicle which is slightly smaller than my Escalade and the road handling.	I like the electric fold down third row and the space it has.	Also like the cargo space with second row down when traveling for suitcases, etc.	
2 My 450 has all the new and modern safety features that i was looking for.	
2 Quite rewarding experience.	
2 Truly the best vehicle I have ever owned.	Pricey but worth it if you can afford it...you only live once.	
2 My first european design vehicle always chevy or ford ,thats over with !	
1 For me, this is a perfect all-purpose vehicle, just the right size and easy to parallel park.	Basically, it's a modern version of a station wagon with all wheel drive.	
1 looks feel driving at its best 	
2 Buy it, own it and love it forever!	
2 I'd buy it again in a minute.	
1 Great choice for someone wanting to move to a mid sized SUV 	
1 Nicest car for Mom!	
1 doesn't seem like they put the   mercedes touch mechanically in this model.	
1 all mercadies R - (haha) ausome cars 	
1 Love the vehicle 	
2 Very satisified and will stay with this model and style forever, 	
2 Very satisified and will stay with this model and style forever, 	
2 excellent 	
1 Overall, this is an excellent machine.	Once they bring the indash unit up to par, I would give it an A+ 	
2 Love%20this%20car 	
1 Excellent car 	
1 Very pricey, but a great car all around.	
2 The best Mercedes I have owned.	I enjoy driving this car every time I take it on the road.	
1 GPS was only negative.	
1 awesome 	
2 BEST CAR I'VE EVER OWNED would not change it for the world it is the metaphore of quality .	
1 Excellent 	
2 Beautiful, powerful, comfortable and tons of fun!!!	
1 Perfection.	Car is gorgeous.	Love to drive and love to wash the car 	
2 I bought my SL 63 about a month ago and I am amazed by this automobile.	
2 UNBELIEVABLE!	
1 Top of the line roadster!	
1 It is a great car if you have money to burn.	If you work for your money, you'll get tired of this high maintenance beauty.	
2 Car handles well, its fast , its safe, i think for the money best 2 passenger passenger on the road 	
2 Fast,responsive and great looking car 	
2 We looked at a BMW 3 series and a Lexus IS 250C before buying this car We are very happy with the SLK.	
1 Overall, it is a terrific headturner vehicle that is fun, economical,and attractive.Fast and fun 	
2 A spunky little car that is a pure blast to drive.	
1 You want a fun beautiful best bang for the money car?	Then the MINI Cooper is for you!	You want a car that can hold luggage for a family of nine then buy a mini van.	German engineering, British flair, solid, well made, a dream to drive!	You will not want	
1 remarkable quality,and styling, 	
2 It's a keeper 	
1 Worst%20car%20EVER!!!!!	
1 Mini is overrated although the S version has the power the nonturbo lacks.	Base model lacks too many features that should be std.	
1 A perfect car for a two person household, especially if you have a larger vehicle in addition for those times when you need one.	
2 Worst%20car%20EVER!!!!!	
1 Fun Car..... what driving should be!	
1 A pleasure and fun to drive 	
1 Love it, will get a new one when my lease is up.	
2 Even with all the bad reviews, I'm still happy with my Eclipse and I know I will have many good times with it.	
1 already stated 	
1 It's good if you don't mind spending a lot of money on it, if you want to stick to a budget, DON'T BUY THIS CAR.	
1 If you're a normal person, this car is somewhat sporty and great all around.	If you're a competitive driver, be ready to have $20k - $25k to shell out.	
2 I love my car !!	
2 I would buy another 	
1 If you have fallen in love with the look of this car and must have it them that's great, go for it.	it's a great looking car.	But if your on the fence the numbers for this car are not as good as the camaro or mustang.	first off, to get the v6 in the ecli	
2 Very happy I bought one 	
1 I already stated this 	
2 Best car for the money 	
1 excellent vehicle.	
2 GREAT IN WINTER 	
1 I would recommend this vehicle to everyone that I know that is currently shopping for a vehicle.. 	
2 I have owned 3 Endeavors and have not had any major mechanical problems with any of them..Just wish Mitsubishi would have spent more effort with improving the internal ,external design, gas mileage and implementing a third row seat option...so much poten	
1 Nice comfortable, quality SUV.	No complaints.	
1 Its too bad that 2012 is going to be Galant's last year... Its kind of simple, but for sure a great dependable family vehicle.	
1 its an ok car to have, just hard for three carseats to fit 	
1 Consumer reports tests are based upon older models.	The 2012 is a contender.Although the styling is not in your face like Hyundai, it is easy to get in and out of both front and rear seats without bending your neck.	
2 LOve the look and the style and runs well..Quiet and love all the extra features 	
1 good car that needs to have a 2.0 4 cyl.	turbo.	
2 Nice car for in city driving and short trips.	Perfect 2nd car.	
1 The ride comfort and performance were better than I imagined for an electric car.	However, the interior seats, trim,etc.	seemed really low end...not like you would see in a $34 000 vehicle.	I also test drove the Volt and found the quality of the car to b	
2 Great second car for most families.	
1 If you are seeking an electric car and not worried about how it looks, this would be an option.	The Ford and the GM electric vehicles look much better, but also have a higher price tag.	The Volt is really impressive with styling and performance plus you	
1 You can't beat it for economy of use.	
1 Great car 	
2 Love it for getting around town and doing errands 	
1 Doesn't make economic logic as break even is about 12 years of ownership...then you need to buy a battery that I heard costs over $10,0000.	Are they serious!	
2 Overall this is a fantastic vehicle.	I feel like I'm driving a luxury crossover, but paid a compact price!!!!	
2 Great SUV for the price.	
2 I would put this SUV up against any 4 cyl RAV4, CRV or Escape!!	
2 I love my Outlander, My son bought a Outlander Sport at the same time, he loves the Sport.	
2 Discounted it can't be beat for pricing and features.Best deal going if you test drive it and ignore the media stigma on Mitsubishi.	
1 The Mitsubishi product gives you a great value at an affordable price.	
2 would recommend this to anyone that wants a great SUV with for an incredible price.. 	
1 I think this is an incredible value for the price.	What's not to love?	
2 after owning countless BMW's, Mercedes and Corvettes, the 911 is quite simply the BEST!	
2 Awe inspiring engineering; great for daily driving too.	
2 Wonderful car-will buy another one.	
1 Drive it.	Incredible value and performance.	
1 Wow, just drive one.	You don't need my impressions... 	
1 The visual appearance (lines) of this car are amazing.	Certain cars, Jag XK, Audi 5, look great parked; the redesigned Boxster is now in this category.	Performance wise- it rocks; especially the Boxster S. At the same time you can drive it around town.	I	
1 A great car for those who enjoy driving.	Dynamite styling, excellent build quality, and all the performance you need for driving within legal limits, even with the base version.	Several annoying features need correcting in the next iteration.	Review ID:	
1 great truck 	
2 All accessories have operated flawlessly; The available storage in the cabin and the Ram box are excellent no need to install an aftermarket storage box.	
2 Best Buy 	
1 i was a chevy man for 45 years and now i am a dodge dude for the rest off my life!	
1 Chevy, the imports, and GMC are not even in the same league.It's all about Ford vs Ram now.I hate the low end torque of the Ram as bolted to a 6 spd.Ford has that nailed.But I'd put the Ram interior against anything, anything.I'd put uconnect against Any	
1 A best buy,Ram trucks are real trucks, coil spring rear suspension and hemi engine are hard to beat.	
2 Why did I wait soooo long to dump the SUV and get a pick-em-up truck!?	
1 This is the best.	
1 just an excellent truck .	
1 How could any of this be bteetr stated?	It couldn't.	
2 Best vehicle I have ever owned.	
2 Looking forward to breaking it in.	
2 nice truck rides good it is quiet alpine radio rocks mpg in city 15 on hwy 23 	
1 I have no complains I really didnt want to buy a truck in the first place but I got one for its functionality and when i went looking the ram 1500 Hemi was the meanest looking truck out there and with the limited slip diff.	3.91 gears the eco boost stays	
2 Great truck for the money 	
2 I purchased the truck in Feb. 2013 after my last Dodge was totaled.	I drive a lot and carry a lot of tools and decided to go with the V6/8SPD combo to get the best mileage.	I feel this truck has better pep than my old Dakota V8, and gets fantastic mileag	
2 First time Ram 1500 owner - Svc Mgr for GM dealer and Ram switched me 	
2 * Stylish* Comfortable * Good handling* Wonderful gas mileage* Lots of storage* Good power (V-6)* Rides great* Great price (thanks to manufacturer's rebates and incentives, I paid $7,450 BELOW invoice!)	
2 Great truck I love it to death!	
1 Overall I love this truck.	
2 It's a very comfortable vehicle and roomy.	I think next time I'll buy Ford or Toyota.	
1 awesome 	
1 AWESOME 	
2 Do not get this truck if you have a working Job and need it for things 	
1 Terrible truck 	
2 Couldn't be happier with it absolutely love driving it.	
1 Worth a solid look if you are in the HD truck market 	
1 I highly recommend this truck to anyone who wants a truck for towing.	I haul a large trailer around with a dozer and tractors and it handles them with ease.	
1 Best heavy duty out there,Best fuel mileage out there 	
1 Overall I would still rate the truck at an 8 even with the issues I have had.	
1 .good paint job 	
1 It is a work van.	There are no other vehicles in this category to compare.	The Ford Sprinter is ugly, small and made in Turkey.	The rest are too big, use too much gas and do not fit in parking structures.	Honda and Nissan do not make their minivans for h	
1 Nice Truck 	
1 Nice overall truck!	
1 This is an excellant small truck.	The 4.7L gets good mpg on the hiway if you use speed control.	
1 Bear in mind that the later production Big Horns were trucks intended for commercial use, fleets and so.	So they are very basic; no luxuries at all and that's why they are cheaper than the average Tacoma.	But, for the money, they are excellent value.	No	
2 Great truck, I look forward to may trips with the family pulling our travel trailer with this beast.	
1 Veery poor showing.	
1 great truck for the money 	
2 I would recommend this truck to any one.	
1 very goooood 	
1 the best rolls ever 	
1 Fabulous 	
1 A fantastic car adorned with an over the top opulence unsurpassed by any other luxury car in existence fine craftsmanship with every car with every dollar.	
1 Dependable ride.	I miss the old styling.	So much for the British Empire.	Yawn 	
1 very nice car good for the money 	
1 love it.	BRILLIANT!	
1 incredible!	
1 Buy one and feel the freedom of life!	
1 Definitely last choice in this price range.	
1 I like it 	
2 Best car I've ever owned 	
2 Great car, got it for my 16th birthday and have had no issues with it.	Would definately get another Saab in the future, possibly a TurboX SportCombi or the last generation 9-5.	
2 very nice small sedan 	
1 Avoid.	
1 A great car, ultra rare as only 557 were made.	
2 Happy to have one of the few.	
2 I love the Saab and I will buy like 3 more in the future.	
1 I think there should be more on the road :D. 	
2 Overall I have been happy with my car, I do not see many on the road and for the value compared to other European SUV's it has it all for a better price 	
2 It is a great car and I like it a lot.	
2 Great car so far.	
2 I would buy this car again and again.	
2 I purchased a new 2010 Saab 9-5 in February 2011.	Within 4 months of driving it out of the showroom in Winston-Salem, NC, the suspension warning light came on to have it checked.	Then everything went out on the Enfotainment system - no radio, no navigati	
1 Grrrrrrrrreat car at even better price 	
1 Do not listen to the reviewers that have called this  a good first caror  a good car for a teenager .	These people have no idea what they are talking about.	One of these reviewers wrote  One must be not understand can get a REAL sports car for right un	
2 Good acceleration, but it is mostly a beautiful car that can be pushed to its and your driving limits!	
1 This car is a dream to drive and the added gas mileage and reasonable price only add to the experience.	This is a fun ride that you aren't afraid to drive.	LOVE IT!	
2 I purchased a base Nissan 370Z for 29k, test drove similarly equipped FR-S and priced for 28k.One must be not understand can get a REAL sports car for right under 30k (Nissan 370Z) to buy the FR-S 	
2 It is a great car to own and drive!	
1 great 	
2 Overall amazing car!!	
1 Its a little too late to bring this to market with so many better options out there with more horse power , styling and utility with toyotas terrible safety record they didnt give it the badge but the scion and subaru in attempt to fool the public Review	
2 I overall think its a fun car to drive 	
2 WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A LEAST 225 HORSES AND MORE TORQUE BUT THE CAR IS AN EYE STOPPER AS IT IS.	
2 I love this car, so glad I bought it.	
1 I can not wait to buy my new Scion FR-S!!!	
1 Wonderful car.	They got it right.	
1 fun car and does attract attention 	
1 loved the general feel and look of the car, if you dont carry extra passengers often or pick up tons of stuff at the store its a perfect fun choice 	
1 Buy one and you'll see what I mean.	
1 The is a true sports-car.	Its not one of those lame muscle-cars like the mustang or camaro or challenger.	This car is for enthusiasts, not rednecks!	
1 nice car, fun to drive, but slow.	
1 great car and fun to drive.	
2 I have had this car for over two months and still look forward to driving every day.	
1 This is one of those vehicles that people laugh when you get out of.	Thats fine, I ask then when was the last time you got change from a $20 when you filled your gas tank.	
1 Consumer Reports totally missed the mark with this prize of a car.	The quality and attention-to-detail with the engineering is on-par with much, much more pricey cars like the Lexus and Mercedes.	It even comes with 0-20w Synthetic oil that only needs cha	
1 This is a great little car.. Big on interior room if you consider it a two sweater..which it really is.	Very customizable.	Great on gas.	Easy to park and maneuver 	
2 Great second car to run errands in.	
2 i love this car and it is the best gas saver vehicle that i've owned.	
2 Great car, decent acceleration, good reliability.	
2 A great second car for the price, enjoyable driving experience, and high mpg for a non-hybrid, but be sure it fits your driving habits and I wonder how the EPA gave it a 36/37.	
2 I just love this little car!	So much fun to drive and since all my outings end up in parking lots, this little guy just makes parking lots of any shape or size a snap to park in.	I leave the back seats down and folded a big blanket to fit back there, now	
1 For anyone that would like a reliable, good looking, sportscar, the Scion tC is for you.	Great handling, fast accelleration, loads of torque, a crisp shifting 6-speed manual transmission, and nice no-bologna interior, make this car an excellent sporting	
2 Great car would buy another today.	
2 Love it!	
1 Love , love , love it 	
1 Excellent 	
2 Overall, for what this car is I give it a  Ten   .	
2 I did not purchase this vehicle in 2012 or 2013 but you gave us no other choice.	I purchased my Scion xb in 2008.	
2 10 out of 10 	
2 Great cra, I owned a 2009 and just upgraded to a 2012, love my smart.	Great MPG, parking is a snap and yes limited storage but I can fit 2 sets of golf clubs in the back.	
1 Not for everyone, but for more than the media has given it credit for.	It has been largely ignored as a credible option, but that is a terrible mistake.	Is it a looker?	Not necessarily in the best way, although this car makes most people smile.	Is it a s	
1 Solid, cool, great mpg 42 + 	
1 I HATE THIS CAR 	
1 If you are thinking about a Harley, take a ride in a Smart Cabrio with the top and side rails down.	
2 Doesn't get better than this car.	
1 The manufacturer should be ashamed that a car twice the size gets the same mph... 	
1 Excellent vehicle, cheapest car to own and the most fun for the money.	
1 If everybody uses this car the traffic won't be here because these cars are so small they cant possible get into traffic, but they could get into trouble!	
2 I love my SMART CAR!!	
2 Great car.	
1 GREAT VEHICLE- 	
2 This is my first non manual car since the 80's so I know about the gear change hesitation,doesn't bother me.	Perfect second car.	The only time I drive my other car is to Church on Sunday, or when the weather is severe, heavy flooding rain and windy,It's	
2 wouldn't buy it again.	
2 I started driving this car using the Car2Go service in DC.	I was amazed at how much space was inside for how small it looked on the outside ( I'm a big guy 6' 290 and I fit in it just fine).	I really became attached to how easy it was to drive this car i	
1 great for long trips 	
1 I LOVE it!	I wish I could afford to keep extra tires on hand.	
1 8+ GREAT CARSA good car for the current time 	
1 I would buy one.	Most fun I have had for a long time.	Nonething compares with it.	
2 Fun car to drive!	
1 I LOVE IT 	
2 4-2 GREAT CAR 	
1 perfect, I live in the city and its a breeze, I get 40 miles to a gallon 	
1 NIFTY LITTLE CAR!	
1 No Diesel 	
1 Very happy with both cars and pkan to keep them a long time 	
2 Great little car 	
2 GREAT, will buy another 	
1 GREAT VEHICLE.	
1 The future is here!!	As battery capacity improves, I see this technology being the de facto standard.	I remember back when I was a kid and I was purchasing my first PC.	The computer salesman told me that I had two options... the 20 MB hard drive and the	
1 It's an amazing hybrid!	
1 This is a beautiful, high performance car without compromise.	The 1st of its kind.	
1 JUST AN AMAZING CAR!!!	LOVE THIS MACHINE.	THIS CAR IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE ON THE TOP OF MY LIST!	I DID A PROJECT ON THIS CAR IN HIGH SCHOOL, AND I WAS HOOKED!	I CANNOT WAIT TO GET THIS AMAZING MACHINE.	WELL DESERVING AS MOTOR TREND'S 2013 CAR OF THE YEAR!	
1 Very detailed video review covering the car from bumper to bumper.	Posted in 6 parts on YouTube.	Including descriptions of some problems and a features wish list.	A must see for Tesla Model S enthusiasts.Go to YouTube and search for  Tesla Model S Review	
2 Absolutely fantastic.	
2 This is, by far, the best car I have ever been in, let alone owned.	
1 If you see a very negative review of a Tesla, it will be written by someone on the traditional automotive business.	They are terrified of this car and company.	And they should be.	
2 Overall a wonderful car.	I believe I am driving the future of automobiles today.	
2 super excellent 	
1 A full 10 	
1 A car of excellence beyond expectations 	
1 I truly believe this car has taken things to another level and will go down in history (with Elon Musk alongside) as one of the most influential innovations/innovators of our time 	
1 The best car ever built worldwide by a longshot.	Ever!	Think about it.	If you have a solar cell carport and a Tesla Model S. You can charge your car unlimitedly for free!	General Electric GE makes Solar carports that can charge 6 electric cars simultaneo	
2 The car gets better over time as more features are added via software release.	
1 I want i want one I want one I want Oh Santa please bring me one 	
1 We agree this car is destined to become a classic; it's truly groundbreaking yet achingly simple and precise in concept, design and implementation.	This is what American ingenuity is about.	We applaud Elon Musk's vision and tenacity...though surely his d	
1 see pros and cons 	
1 This car may not be foreveryone, but neither is a 911, corvette or panamera.	as for range anxiety, 95% plus of people dont drive a 100 miles in a day, and rarely does anyone take their porsche 911 or corvette on a family trip of greater than 300 miles.	R	
1 Excellent car!	
2 Best car I've ever driven!	Highly recommend it!	
2 I am enjoying a new kind of ride 	
1 I've been waiting for about 9 years, since I first heard of the company, first for them to build a family sedan -Model S- then for it to become more affordable -60K- later for the charging stations to be nationwide -coming later this year, and more in th	
1 Gg 	
2 Excellent car for an electric one.	
1 Awesome vehicle, you must to appreciate what the buzz is all about 	
1 Test drove it.	I wouldnt buy it.	Not unless it was at least half of the advertised price.	There is more bang for your buck luxury wise spening your 60k+ on a another brand and a gas motor with good milage.	
2 What a pleasure to drive past gas stations and help the environment too.	Oh, it's also so fast and responsive so that driving is fun again.	My other car is a 2006 Prius which, in comparison, is real basic transportation.	
1 This car is a masterpiece; a treat to drive, and a dream to own I'm sure.	I'm trying to convince my fiance that this should be our next car.	:) 	
1 the car is away over-priced !!!!!.	How can an average family, or person afford it????	Bring the price down.	Sell more.Lots more!!	
2 Best car I ever had!	
1 As much as I like the Model S, I am more looking forward to the Model X with its slightly higher field of view, and the seating capacity for my whole family and cargo.	
1 I think this is a good car but it might need a new generation.	
1 VERY POUR FOR SO EXPENSIVE CAR 	
1 Run, don't walk to your nearest Subaru dealer - they're only bringing 5,000 into the US the first year.	
1 this is a pretty good car to buy 	
1 as former owner of a lotus elise, porsche boxster s, bmw 3 series, lexus is.	I can honestly say, this car handles better !	
1 Run, don't walk to your nearest Subaru dealer - they're only bringing 5,000 into the US the first year.	
1 Great car for going through a mountain road.	
1 Looking forward to Spring and summer you better believe.	Bring on those old country roads.	
2 i would by this car again in a heartbeat,fantasic car 	
1 a true sports car 	
1 Absolutely great sports car with a good price and good amenities.	
2 Go get you one!	
1 Zhas exceeded my expectations in all areas of performance, handling and style.	Her appearance is that of a higher priced vehicle.	When purchasing a BRZ, even though there is a back seat, factoring in comfort it really is a  two-seater , which is great	
2 Just recently was fortunate enough to get one.	Love everything about it.	
2 Great car I love mine and so has anyone who has driven in it with me!!!!!!!	
2 Lightweight, Good horsepower for the size, fun to drive!	
2 This is the car to buy if you want the near perfect balance of style, performance, appearance and quality.	No sloppy turbo with lag and the constant replace it every 50,000 mile problem.	
1 great looking car at a not so great price when you should have recieved the ultimate machine from subaru,just like mitsu and thier eclipse ,both companies missed the mark of what we want as tuners/sport car drivers.imho 	
1 With couple of options the price reach 30k.	Many options available at 30-35k (Such as STI, EVO, Nissan Z).	For 25-28 k I rather go for Rallliart, WRX, Base Nissan Z.	
2 would buy this car again 	
1 Excellent vehicle for someone who appreciates driving.	
2 i would by this car again in a heartbeat,fantasic car 	
1 got out with a mile-wide smile 	
2 Overall, Recommended for a sporty, fun car to afford one many smiles that is affordable.	Not a speed demon, but find the curves and corners and you can imagine yourself in a very high end car driving experience very easlily.	
2 An incredible value!	
1 Great platform,howeverI am going to wait for the STI version or the 2014 WRX Or when a 4x4 version becomes available.	
1 Still a very fun car to drive which turns alot of heads.	Looks more expensive than it is.	
1 diappointing price for a car lke that.	
1 Good value for the money, but a GTI or Mazda might have a bit more pep.	I love the design, perhaps in a year or two they will enhance the engine.	
1 If you just want a toy, to play around with, and don't live in the snow belt, this is a good car to play with.	There is no way, I would drive this car in winter weather, which makes this car , unusable almost 5 months out of the year.	I was crazy for buy	
1 Great driving car 	
2 Absolutely Outstanding - a home run for Subaru!	
1 Subaru hit it out of the ballpark with the all new 2014 Forester!!!!!!!	Looking to be Motor Trend SUV of the year for 2014.	
2 Our first Subaru.	Test drove all the competition and the Subaru blew them all away.	Great vehicle.	
1 Excellent car for the money 	
1 Great car!	
2 Great ride 	
1 Well built, solid feel and very comfortable.	Aside from the defrost issue it's an excellent value.	
2 great car 	
1 Great Performance and Safety Record 	
1 Great vehicle for a family - for single guy driving in city not so sure 	
1 Well put together.	The total package.	
2 Love, love, love this vehicle!	It is wonderful!	
1 I think the forester is a great vehicle.	I just can't buy one at this time as I would feel a little embarrassed driving it.	The look is so dated, they could do so much more.	Inside is roomy but they made front seats smaller (annoying).	Who doesn't offer	
2 Overall the forester is a great vehicle.	i researched like crazy before buying it,and am very happy!	
2 overall this is best car ever owned!!	
1 The MSN website has minimal information to work with and much what is here is wrong.	You have drive the Forester to appreciate it.	It is a far better buy than the Outback because the Outback is selling too well for dealers to price it more fairly.	All Su	
1 Run, don't walk to get one!	
1 I owned two RAV4's prior to this 2014 forester.	they were both garbage in comparison.this forester is the best thing under $30,000I tested the RAV4, Escape, CRV, and reviewed the others, they were pathetic in comparison.check out some of the comparison v	
2 Owned many cars and suv's This could be the most fun suv I've driven 	
1 Great 	
1 overrated will not let you state your opinion .	
1 This vehicle is hard to beat for it's price.	This is another reason why Subaru sales are soaring.	
1 great SUV 	
2 Highly recommend the car.	
2 Must have to go up to the snow.	
2 a great car if you want a car that feels big and still gives you mpg and awd at a great price 	
1 Great deal all around, I looked at vw tdi wagons and their premium price tag was not worth the extra 2 mpg's 	
1 Great Car 	
1 Excellent car, although acceleration is slow handling and breaking is very good.	I get about 32 mpg combined, which is excellent for an AWD car.	The car looks good and is very simple, which is good for reliability.	It will get you where you need to go in	
2 if it's not for the oil consumption, I love this car.	
1 Versatile performer!	
2 I own a 2011 STI Hatch.	With plenty of HP, AWD, Brembo brakes, and tuned sport suspension, it's a real performer.	
1 Great fun and you can drive it in the winter...STi and snow tires is there anything more fun?	
2 Seriously consider this car for the 25-30k range...great feel, easy to drive, great performance when you need it in awd.	
1 If you enjoy the driving experience while keeping practicality, this is the car for you.	The 265 turbo-charged 4cyl engine will push you back in your seat (with virtually no turbo-lag), but at normal driving speeds you'll get about 25 mpg.	Very comfortab	
2 I think I will injoy this car for years to come.	
2 LOVE this car, can't ever imaging owning anything but a Subaru 	
2 get this car, cant beat the value for the price and the gas milage 	
1 Just because it's AWD you will for sure need snow tires.	The tires they come with are summer tires.After adding snow tires, winter driving is way better.	
2 I would recommend the legacy to everyone out there looking for a dependable and affordable vehicle!	
1 Good family car.	What I have come to expect from Subaru.	
1 Don't wait your time 	
1 9.75	
1 Ok for the price, but not what I want.	Drove for about 2000 mi on vacation and still had trouble starting smoothly - I can do better with a standard or automatic.	
1 I intend to buy one soon 	
2 Love this car I don't why I never looked seriously at a Subaru before.	
1 This car is an all around winner.	Luxury when you need it, with the outdoor fun when you want it.	She is a beautiful car, with many admirers - I am really enjoying having a look good; go anywhere; haul anything vehicle!	
2 Good vehicle but needs some tuning to be perfect.	
1 Go with the 6 cylinder for better performance, 	
2 Love this car so far.	
1 They think of everything for those of us in snow country.	
2 Excellent vehicle and value for the money.	Couldn't be more pleased.	I've owned two Subarus and love the cars and the brand.	
1 great value 	
1 A good sturdy car that handles snow well.	
2 I am totally satisfied with this outback, I purchased it in dover Delaware , from a winner dealer !!!	
1 Great value but at performance sake.	
2 Waste of time, regretted within hours, should have stayed with Chevy or tried Ford.	
1 Excellent multi-purpose vehicle.	
2 Car runs great.	I'd buy it again.	
2 I had considered a Toyota & Honda models with this vehicle and the valve of not paying extra for all wheel drive, and the excellent reviews by the Automotive editorials sold me.	
1 Love this car our first suv, and I only wish that I had gotten one before, but am happy with this one, 	
2 This is my first Subaru ever, after 20 years of Toyotas, so the bar is set pretty high.	I can live with the dislikes I mentioned above as all cars have their quirks and I am more interested in long term reliability.	I bought the Outback because of the AW	
2 Fell safe in it, great looking crossover !!!	
1 This sporty crossover is a great find at this price point.	
2 We love this vehicle so far,our first AWD,and it has avery short turning radius and the ride is food for a small SUV 	
2 Regardless of the few   flaws  , I absolutely love it!	I have no regrets, I actually can't wait for this winter to drive it and know I'll be safe and able to get down our unplowed roads with ease.	
2 Wound up buying a Limited due to very  limitedavailability after Hurricane Sandy, don't really feel leather, climate control or upgraded radio is necessary, for my taste anyway.	Also had idle issues with the car and got a new engine control module inst	
1 Buy one!	:) 	
1 I would recommend it to anyone 	
1 Good car, you pay for the name but resale is part of that too.	
1 Love this car 	
2 love it!!!!!	
2 We've only had the Crosstrek for a few weeks and it is Awesome.	It is fun to drive, has enough power to do what's needed.	Before we purchased we looked at many compact Crossovers and to get AWD with the features of the Crosstrek would cost $1000's more.	
2 This is my second subie so far my wife and I like this vehicle no major complaints , we love Subaru very dependable rides.Best manufacture of vehicles , number one in consumer report,IIHS top safety pick.	
1 This thing is solid, solid, solid 	
1 Great car 	
2 does evertthing i want 	
2 nice crossover recomend to everone 	
1 I give it an A+++++ 	
1 I'm gonna get a lotta drivn time outa this XV Crosstrek, that's fo sho...I have to drive yr-round from LA to PTLD and havn this dependable, sure footed & all-weather vehicle to do it all in is a God-send !	Wouldn't have it any other way...thanx Subaru, u	
2 I'm gonna get a lotta drivn time outa this XV Crosstrek, that's fo sho...I have to drive yr-round from LA to PTLD and havn this dependable, sure footed & all-weather vehicle to do it all in is a God-send !	Wouldn't have it any other way...thanx Subaru, u	
1 Highly recommend 	
2 Great truck for the part-time person who hauls things around , very stylish looks great on the rode 	
1 A solidly built Nissan with a Suzuki warranty!	
1 That's a sensible answer to a chlalengnig question 	
1 A great little truck!	
2 Definitely the best value out there for the money....Believe me i took my time on this purchase.Not happy that other brands want to give you a 36 months warranty and,then sell you a $2,600.00 extended warranty.	
2 I would buy it again!	
1 Very capable and competent small SUV.	Worthy of a try.	
2 Good value for money, no major problems, good off-road handling.	
1 If you want a reliable truck, that is good on gas and i would last a long time buy a Suzuki, if you want pretty go somewhere else.	
2 Reliable, excellent mileage for a truck and would buy again.	
2 This is my 2nd unit.	First one was a 97 which I still drive.	The second one is a 2008 which i bought used 3 years ago.	
1 good car cheap price 	
2 Would NOT buy this kind of car again!	
2 This car is simply AMAZING!	This car truly feels like a high-end German car, in that everything works together and makes you feel connected to the car.	Its steering is tight and communicative, its handling is razor-sharp, and its overall feel is positive	
1 As a car enthusiast, engineer and master automobile technician, I I have driven and/or owned almost every car imaginable.I wanted an inexpensive AWD vehicle that would get reasonable fuel economy.	I came across the Kizashi by accident when looking for Su	
1 Best car you've never heard of 	
2 You can't buy this car anymore, but if you can find a good used one it's a unbelievable value.	I'm a huge fan off the size, style, sportiness, and comfort.	
2 Shame on Suzuki for not knowing how to market a great car.	
1 ok but seriously considering a suburu or vw r 	
2 Great car get one before they are all gone 	
1 Great package if you want a car that is not around every corner like a subaru/ honda/ toyota.	Just a shame nobody knows more about this car.	
2 Race to a Suzuki dealer to get one before they're gone, for good.	
1 I love this car 	
1 Great car that has quality written all over it.	
2 BESIDES I'LL BE SPENDING A FORTUNE ON TIRES IF SOMETHING ISN'T CORRECTED ITS A GREAT LITTLE CAR.	
2 I would recommend the Kizashi to anyone looking for a quality mid size sedan at a reasonable cost.	
2 Solid car well built I just went swimming for 40 minutes forgot the key fob in my pocket and it still worked even though they said dont get wet.It was under water the whole time 	
2 I have owned car for 1 year and it has been a very capable performer 	
1 excellent sedan........excellent value 	
2 Suzuki's best kept secret that needs to be revealed to all ;) 	
1 A good work car 	
1 There is no better deal for a quality AWD anywhere.	Period.	
1 I really do like this little car 	
2 Sold it in less than a year for AWD used Matrix, a better all around value 	
1 NICE VEHICLE TO BAD IT GOING OUT OF NORTH AMERICA.	
2 I love it 	
2 This was the best car I have ever own - sadly, some punk decided to pull out in front of me and creamed my car which, by the way, I walked away from so the safety measures are as-like a Volvo 	
2 Great value for the $, AWD great in the snow,25.3 MPG in AWD Mode.Audio System great,superior braking and handling.	I own 2 SX4 Crossovers and both perform well.	
2 Great vehicle if you live in snowy climates, easy to get in and out of, and a great fun drive!	I love my Suzuki!	
1 Recommend this car to anyone looking for something that is sharp looking and capable.	This is the same car as the Fiat Sedici in Europe.	
1 Best AWD for the price in the entire market, beats subarau by price almost $7000 (loaded version of each) least maintananced vechile in Japan, were they are the number one selling vechile.	
1 It's a really good car except for the transmission trouble 	
1 none 	
2 Very pleased with my technology value pkg AWD mini-crossover...I highly rececommend it because I believe you get the best comfort, style, reliability, and performance compared to any other AWD vehicle at this price point!	
1 Good Vehicle overall 	
1 I really do like this little car 	
1 Sold it in less than a year for AWD used Matrix, a better all around value 	
1 NICE VEHICLE TO BAD IT GOING OUT OF NORTH AMERICA.	
1 I love it 	
2 This was the best car I have ever own - sadly, some punk decided to pull out in front of me and creamed my car which, by the way, I walked away from so the safety measures are as-like a Volvo 	
2 Don't look for tons of room-it is essentially a small car with AWD.	Also, you'll sacrifice some trunk room-but the seats DO fold down for extra space.	
2 Pretty darn good car for the price so far.	Time will tell.	
2 Great vehicle if you live in snowy climates, easy to get in and out of, and a great fun drive!	I love my Suzuki!	
1 Best AWD for the price in the entire market, beats subarau by price almost $7000 (loaded version of each) least maintananced vechile in Japan, were they are the number one selling vechile.	
1 It's a really good car except for the transmission trouble 	
1 you get a lot for a little.	Why not 	
1 none 	
1 Very pleased with my technology value pkg AWD mini-crossover...I highly rececommend it because I believe you get the best comfort, style, reliability, and performance compared to any other AWD vehicle at this price point!	
1 Good Vehicle overall 	
2 Overall this is a really solid feeling truck with ample room to take the whole family camping or to the lake, well still providing relatively good gas mileage for a larger SUV.	I refer to it as a truck because behind the wheel this is really what it feel	
2 I loive this vehicle.	I perfer to drive it over my MB GL450 	
1 style ok 	
2 Love it!	
2 Great vehicle.	Several 4runner's has been in my family since the late 80's, and those trucks lasted for years with alot of miles to show for great service.	
1 Start computer!	
2 Great truck that really holds its value, parts are abundant and reasonable price.	In addition very cheap to maintain runs off unleaded gasoline.	
2 Excellent vehicle for off road use or on road touring.	Lots of people notice, and get questions, wow, what is that?	
2 So far best SUV I have owned!	
1 Real body on frame SUV 	
2 Would highly recommend to others.	
1 Real SUV 	
1 A great car!	
1 I think that Toyota did a great job on the redesign, as I never considered purchasing the previous models because they were just too stodgy.	
1 2013 Toyota Avalon is a bold surprise from the Toyota brand.	This rendering of the Avalon gets more style and sleek lines flowing through-out the design body.	Wheels can be fitted from 17's to 18's and that chrome grill gives the Avalon some swagger.	Usi	
1 Fast, fun , and smooth at high speeds.	
1 really good car after all 	
2 Good car, love it!	
1 It is a great looking vehicle and quiet.	
2 my next car will definitely be from a different company 	
2 If you get the Limited model, make sure you take your Smart Phone in the car and play something via bluetooth on the stereo OR bring in a CD that you know has a song with LOW Bass sounds and test your stereo with some Volume.	If the front speakers rattle	
2 Toyota knocked it out of the park with this Avalon.	I would definitely buy another.	This is a super smooth, comfortable, fast, luxury sedan without the luxury price tag.	
2 Best Automobile we have purchased in 30 years.	
1 This is a very nice car.	It is not like the older models that are very sedate and   Buick-like  .	The new body style and design are very nice.	
1 excellent 	
1 nice car 	
2 Great car 	
1 Toyota did a great job with the redesign for their flagship.	I love it.	Shares many parts wuth Lexus, so if you don't require the   prestige nameplate, Avalon is a better choice.	
2 Recommended 	
1 Great job Toyota for working hard on the all new redesigned Avalon its just smaller for a large vehicle but saw few on the road and website its a beautiful car someone was in the market for a $40,000-$50,000 car i would talk them into buying a Avalon.	It	
1 SKILLFULL%20DESIGN 	
1 This car has everything that one could ask for in a vehicle.	Cross traffic warning, blind spot warning, dynamic radar cruise control, loads of air bags, great headlights, extremely comfortable seats, tons of room inside, a large trunk for a hybrid.	And,	
1 For the same $$, buy a Cadillac!	
2 We traded in our 2007 Avalon Limited for this updated model and simply love it.The V6 had way more get up and go than the Hybrid (duh), and we liked that, so we'll just pay gas for that 'feature'.Styling is a bit blah compared to other cars, but we're ok	
2 We love the car and actually purchased it over a Lexus ES 350 and Mercedes E-350, which left our pocket book $20K + richer.The technology built into the car is overwhelming.	The car comes with several well documented manuals for the owner.	Two months lat	
2 This is my second Avalon.	My experience with the 2013 would cause me to get another one.	
1 A   Wow vehicle fit for   Old Turkeys  like me and   Young Cats looking for fun and one heck of a vehicle.	
1 LOve this vehicle 	
1 love it... 	
2 Love this car for value, handling, and overall performance.	
1 Overall a great car and worth the price.	It is basically the Lexus ES 300h without the $5K extra for the badge.	A professional reviewer said that the Lexus ES looks like the box the Avalon came in, since he thought the Avalon had better styling.	I have b	
1 A   Wow vehicle fit for   Old Turkeys  like me and   Young Cats looking for fun and one heck of a vehicle.	
1 Toyota is on the right path, now give us a Venza Hybrid!	
1 Rides well and drives well.	
1 outstanding 	
2 Best vehicle I ever owned.	
2 Highly recommend - beautiful ride.	
2 A quality touring sedan that's a pleasure to drive with outstanding gas mileage in hybrid trim.	
1 An extremely nice vehicle.	The gold-standard in where all manufacturers should be aiming in comfort, handling, room for a family, and fuel economy.	
2 I Highly Recommend this car 	
2 Would do it again but maybe XLE just for the seating but all the extras were not worth the $$ for us.	Always get 40 to 42 mpg as calculated by me and not the automatic system.	
2 Very comfortable driving.	Comfy comfy ride for passengers.	
2 Before the Camry I owned the 2008 Prius and the take-off power with the Camry is significantly better and feels equivalent to my V8 Dodge Ram truck.	Also the transition from engine to electric only is a lot smoother than the prius (barely noticeable) and	
2 Just a sweet vehicle, I got an XLE Hybrid with all the options.	At this point I'm getting 40-41 mpg--unbelievable for a car this powerful.	Has great interior and feature-packed dash.	Very roomy--i'm 6'3and 300	
2 Overall Excellent Value for the money, Best overall Hybrid vehicle after doing months of research 	
2 Just a great economical family car that does everything well and gets great mileage.	
1 Excellent car, and an outstanding value.	
1 it is very good car For its class and price and also provided in the fuel and also the force that provided her a very good quality materials from the inside 	
1 I wouldn't buy this car even with a $10,000 rebate.	I don't care that it has the   Toyota name or not... That alone doesn't make it a good car!	
2 I love my Corolla 14!!!	
2 It's a great car overall.	I enjoy driving it and it gets great mileage.	Again my only complaints are with being misled on some features and not having others offered to me, but that is on the dealer.	
2 This is the best car I have ever owned.	It is great to drive and I feel so safe in it.	
2 It's a great car.	
1 So far this is the best car i tested 	
2 I am very pleased with this car.	It has all of the features I was searching for and more.	The built in camera and blue tooth is very convenient.	My kids are also content and like my car because it is easy to learn how to use and has simple instructions.	
1 Great Car 	
2 Great car 	
2 I hope the 14 will run for 20 years like my 94 has.	
2 Best car I ever owned 	
2 Buy one!!!	You won't be sorry.	
1 If you want a dependable and capable off road vehicle (make sure to have the locking differential, worth every dime), then the FJ is your best bet for the money.	
1 Excellent!	
2 Solid capable feel - feels like a tank that can do anything, and go anywhere.	
2 Can't wait to go camping in it.	
2 I bought the manual transmission and was kind of disappointed in the 12 mpg I got.	While it was fun to drive, I'd recommend the Auto if you buy one.	The only time the gas mileage changed was when we pulled a 2,700 lb featherlight camper trailer and we ac	
1 Buy one of your own.	
2 If you want a reliable and luxurious SUV under 40k, this is a good place to start.	
2 I would give it a ten!	If I had to buy another tomorrow, it would be another Highlander.	
2 Would buy another Highlander today.	
2 Saftey is most important when it comes to my family, the Highlander proved it was worth the money 	
2 Saftey is most important when it comes to my family, the Highlander proved it was worth the money 	
1 Just go buy it please you wont regret it 	
2 You can keep you Lexus..I'll take the Highlander Limited any time!	
1 Cheap materials and poor workmanship.	
1 too new to rate 	
2 If you want room to haul kids and gear with a great ride, this is the vehicle for you.	
2 JUST GO BUY IT, YOU WONT REGRET IT, I SAW THE 2014 AT THE NEW YORK SHOW AND IT LOOKS LIKE A RAV 4 ON STEROIDS, IT LOOKED FANTASTIC.	
2 great car for the family we feel safe in it 	
2 Excellent purchase and value 	
1 Good choice SUV 	
2 Suits our needs and wonderful crossover.	I'll review more in the future after more miles.	
1 Good overall first impressions.	I'm expecting Toyota quality and dependability.	
1 Ok for a mid -sized SUV, needs to be restyled.	
2 Best of all cars I have owned and they number 14.	
2 Great SUV, we did two long trips from Texas to Redwoods CA and to West Virginia... really a great one to own.... 	
1 Great Vehicle 	
2 Excellent, safe, reliable, and durable vehicle.	
2 I go everywhere in my cruiser.	I have had 5 now and this is my first with the 5.7.	Pulls all my toys great and works well in sand or ice.	Have used winch a few times to get me out of swamp and it just kept on going.	
2 Worth every penny.	Driven my in all kinds of weather.	Solid as a rock 	
2 AN EXCELLENT CAR EVERY BODY SHOULD DRIVE 	
1 Best car for the price.	Great value for worry free performance and reliability!	
2 Excellent car, every home has to have one, you will save a lot 	
2 I would never buy any other car but another prius I have had 20 brand new cars during my life from Lincoln mark 7 to volkswages to 5 buicks and others will only but Toyota from now on 	
2 Great car and we get 60 miles to the gallon We are senior citizens and we enjoy the not having to spend money on gas 	
2 This is the most technologically advanced car I have ever owned and we plan on getting many years of clean economical driving out of it.	For those with a 20 mile or less commute, it is an outstanding choice.	
2 Very good car that serves my needs really well.	It's great for short (EV mode) and long trips (HV mode), it saves a lot of money on gas, and it's just so fun to drive it on electricity!	
1 I would suggest to everybody to try out the Prius, it is real nice every week to go to the gas pump after 525 miles and only put in 9 gallons each time!!!	
2 Downsized from a 15 mpg 2005 Honda Pilot to a 2013 Prius II that I bought for a very reasonable $20,995 + tax.	Two rental car experiences at 48 mpg led me to the change.	Owned too many cars to mention, but the Prius is one of my favorites (just under the	
2 So far all of our experience with this Prius have been positive.	Just took a trip and it was smooth sailing, Gas mileage is in the high 40  s. Best I've ever had.	
1 Gas saver machine.	
2 If you often take short trips of 15 miles or less this is the car for you.	The hatchback and rear seat fold down to produce a massive amount of storage capacity.	The technology in the car is amazing.	With a regular plug in it takes only 3 hours to rechar	
1 The plug-in is a vast improvement to the Prius concept.	
1 PS I will try to keep updating my review!	
2 Exactly what I was looking for better than I expected!!	
2 Overall I am very pleased and am already planning for my next one.	
1 Great car!	
1 not good for my use 	
2 Great product for the money 	
2 Best and most efficient vehicle I have ever had.	I love my new Prius!	
1 I would highly recommend this car to anyone without reservations.	
2 First car I have owned that Del.	what the Manufactory promised, and I have owned a lot of cars.	
2 The only regret is not buying 10 years ago.	
1 Outside of the great turning radius and the glitz of the instrumentation, you cannot call this car  fun to drive .	Its trunk space appears to be limited, maybe due to the battery/mechanicals underneath (it's shallow).	It's very slow to accelerate in ECON	
1 I would give this car a 10 and highly recomend this to anyone.	
2 The PriusC is a great car, it gets great gas mpg.	It drives excellant, It is a good car to own.	
1 Excellent car for driving in the city 	
2 Twenty-five hundred kilometers on it so far and I am still over the moon.	Averaging 60 miles to the Imperial gallon, nimble in town and great legs on the highway.	As Goldilocks said, this one is just right!	
2 Great economical car 	
2 Buy it.	
1 I give it a 10 rating.	
1 Excellent car.	
2 I highly recommend this car.	It drives like a luxury vehicle - very smooth handling on the road.	
2 Would recommend this car to anyone looking for a gas sipping cross country hauler.	
2 The car rides well and gets excellent gas mileage and the bells and whistles associated with the audio, Bluetooth, and built-in GPS are wonderful - easy to set-up and easy to use.	
2 This is a great car if you can get over the weak engine struggling when you need to accelerate for highway or city driving.	
2 I like this car - have had it a little over a year without any problems.	Drove it from Texas to Virginia and back with 2 adults, 1 child, and 2 dogs and was comfortable and roomy.	Don't miss stopping for gas every 4 or 5 days!	
2 Excellent car great MPG's lots of cargo room give it a   10 in spite of the flaws.	
2 I just recomimend it for someone who wants reliableble transportationi.	
2 I'm really happy with this vehicle, would recommend it over all the similar station wagon type cars I looked at.	Driving a   hybrid turned out to be easy, love the gas savings too.	
2 I'm really happy with this vehicle, would recommend it over all the similar station wagon type cars I looked at.	Driving a   hybrid turned out to be easy, love the gas savings too.	
2 Excellent car.	
1 Great car in a good price range 	
2 great vehicle 	
1 If your looking for a cheap price below retail msrp go for the Ford Escape .	If your looking for long term reliability pay the difference buy the Toyota.	Ford talks quality but just is not the truth.	Ford still has been small problems with items like int	
2 sharp looking and great SUV for the price 	
2 Had a 2010 Rav4 Sport-really liked the car, but ride was too stiff with Sport suspension and run flat tires.	My new XLE rides smmoth, seats are more comfortable and interior is upgraded.	2010 Rav had tiny backup camera in rear view mirror, now pic is on	
1 Styling, dash controls, the power of the engine and the options are great, well satisfied.	
2 Im not totally satisfied with this car.	
1 You can never be wrong choosing RAV4 	
2 Very fun car to drive, The 2.5L had more getup-n-go then I expected.	Also the dealer experience was very pleasant.	
2 Styling, dash controls, the power of the engine and the options are great, well satisfied.	
2 great car 	
1 might as well take the bus than buy this car, waste of money 	
1 The right car at the right price is usually hard to find.	Toyota has done an amazing job with the new Rav4 and it can be loaded with all the bells and whistles that you want at a price that you can afford.	
1 Perfect for me at age 64 for traveling , shopping, flea markets, and just enjoying myself!	
1 the best small SUV on the market 	
2 *I love mine after 1 full month Very happy I bought it!	
1 Great Vehicle in its class.	
2 Great to own, fun to drive.	
2 super nice to drive 	
2 would recommend this vehicle 	
2 Overall very happy after 3000 miles.	MPG could always be better, but Im getting a solid 28 on the highway.	It takes some time to get used to the 4 cylinder power - but in reality its quite peppy due to the gearing.	The ride is a bit choppy, but chock thi	
1 Lots of new features from the old Rave 4 	
2 Great handling 	
2 Nice style, Toyota quality for the most part, but just feels overall cheaper then previous models, not as solid.	
2 good for kids and seniors 	
2 I am a very happy owner!	
1 make sure that vehicle warranty covers all vehicle SENSORS 	
2 Great value for the money in all aspects.	
1 Great value for the money in all aspects.	
1 Excellent vehicle 	
1 change ridges on top of front fenders.	Flatten them out.	
2 A near excellent vehicle..... 	
1 Overall very satisfied with both Toyotas.	Handle very well.	
1 Quite satisfied.	
1 Excellent.	
2 Love the looks and handling.	
1 Overall a nice suv 	
2 Has all I need for lifestyle driving, both in-town and on the road.	
1 I closely compared the Sienna, Odyssey, and Grand Caravan before purchasing.	The Sienna has the best reliability, acceleration, build quality, and better bang for the buck than the Odyssey.	The engine is refined, and provides outstanding performance comp	
1 An excellant choice for a minivan!!!!!!!!!!	
2 I would rate the Sienna tops for a minivan.	
1 It's a luxury van that will do what it was intended to do.	In style.	Try it you'll like it!	
1 Rides nicely , comfy spacious really nice van.	
1 One of the best Van on the market 	
2 The things that I find wrong with this vehicle can be fixed and seem to be minor.	The overall ride and handling are great and true to the Toyota name.	I'm in the process of getting some of the cons fixed..I hope anyway.	
1 If you are looking for solid reliable transportation, and need to tow 5,000lbs, its tough to beat this truck.	
2 I wanted a fuel sipping truck that could still tow, carry and be reliable for a long time and i feel i hit the nail on the head!	
2 Best truck I have ever owned !	
2 Great truck, looks good, drives good and will last forever 	
2 I personally couldn't be more pleased with my new truck.	This vehicle is truely worth the price!	
1 I highly recommend this if you want a pickup but dont need a big pickup like an F150 or any of that size pickups.	
1 Excellent truck.	Great resale value 	
2 I like this vehicle very much, it takes time to get use to the size of it.	even though I got screwed on the car trade which we all do I would highly recommend this vehicle 	
2 Traded my 2005 Tacoma Double Cab 4x4 Long Bed SR5 I bought brand new off the lot in OCT 2005 for a 2013 Tacoma Double Cab 4x4 Long Bed TRD Sport brand new off the lot in FEB 2013.Reason (My Opinions) why I gave the following categories a score of 10.Styl	
2 ONE WORD - BEST !!!!!!	
1 Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
1 Perfect truck For me!	
2 I LOVE IT 	
2 Great truck for the money, traded in a 2011 scion tc which i bought new as well and it was the best idea i have had.	The car was fantastic but owning a tacoma is just something peopel should experience.	Great syle, great milage, good off road handling, a	
1 great, great great.	
1 Great truck for the money and performance 	
1 Look elsewhere if you live in a cold climate.	
2 I would dare to say this is the best 4x4 on the road period.	The big three need to take notice as this truck will out perform them 	
1 tough trucks 	
1 I'm think I'll buy the full loaded double cab 4x4 	
2 Awesome buy, would recommend to anyone!	
1 Great truck!	
2 I'm pleased; no government motors in my near future!	
1 Rock-solid truck built to last.	
2 If you are looking to buy a truck, do yourself a favor and take a look at the Tundra.	
1 We own the car since 31 days, we had to go to dealer 3 times to fix problems and the VENZA is still not available.	It had not performed to full specification a single day since delivery.Me and my wife have bought this vehicle blinded by our previous expe	
1 Compare carefully before you buy this vehicle.	
2 I test drove many cars, cross-overs and SUVs before I settled on my Venza 10 months ago.	Given what I paid for it and the subsequent low cost to own this car (insurance, registration, fuel costs, etc.)	I am so glad I purchased it.	I would do it all over	
1 If your looking for style, comfort, and something a little different than all the other sedans on the road, check out the Venza.	
2 Like it better than a Mercedes SUV.We love this car.	
1 LOVE IT................... 	
2 I would definetly buy another.	Dealer Service has been Excellent; Five Star 	
1 Will recommend buying 	
2 The 2013 Venza is what it should have been from the beginning.	It is a great looking, great riding wagon that flies in the face of the station wagons of yore.	Stylish with aggressive 20 inch wheels, the 2013 Venza makes owning such a class of car fun, so	
2 love it!	
1 Love this   baby  car 	
2 The most dependable car I have ever owned.	No frills, but a dependable car that gets you from point A to point B.	
2 I like it, I would buy it again.	My friends make fun of my little   clown car but whatever....I walk away with more money in my wallet.	I am happy with it.	
2 Overall is a good economic, reliable vehicle for someone like me who can not afford an expensive car.	I will purchase another one if i move to a summer climate city.	
2 very stylish and i would recommend this to newly weds 	
2 Its great, fun and enjoyable to drive 	
2 The TDI is a surprise gutsy performer.	15000 miles and no service problems.	
2 I had a bug in the 60's and do not know why it took me so long to buy another.	Love the German influence and technology 	
2 AWESOME :) 	
2 I love my beetle and would buy another one today.	
2 Handles a lot better than I thought it would.	
1 Great car.	
2 The best looking convertible and fun to drive 	
2 It's my first German vehicle (previously owned Acura, Toyota, Nissan, and Jeep) and I LOVE IT!	Trust me, the car shines best at night when all the lights are on with the panoramic moon roof tilted up.	This car isn't the fastest kid on the block, but it s	
1 Grear%20Car.%20Better%20than%20my%202011%20CC.	
2 my car 2009 brought in dec,2008 	
1 Awsome car.	Many improvements over my 2010 cc.	
2 For the price I think its a great car, looks great will turn heads and nice ride, does not have some features that I felt should be included but over all the CC is a good deal.	
1 Overall, a great car, for whatever the driving demands.	
2 im satisfied with my purchase overall 		
1 awesome love this car have had 2 days 	
2 Negatives out weigh the positives.	
2 Best bang for the bucks...especially if you can get your hands on a 2013 this christmas... 	
2 I have owned a lot of cars, from Hondas to Acuras to Saabs, and this is without question the most fun to drive, best looking, quietest car I have ever owned.	
2 I got CC Jan. 2013...	This is my first German car... so far I liked it style and engine performance... 	
2 Love driving the car and the RNS 510 nav system is wonderful...love the sound system the way it plays Jazz on a long commute home or road trip.	
1 N/A 	
2 Tested and researched many cars before finding this.	First European purchase and I'm glad I did... 	
2 very nice car to have.	
2 Great value (for what I was looking for in a car).I have put over 30,000 miles on my CC and still enjoy it as much as day one.	
1 This car is like taking a european vacation without the expense of a long flight.	
2 This is a very nice automobile.	For just two people and our small dog it should be a car that we will enjoy for years to come.	Also, the dealership we dealt with has made owning the car very enjoyable, and that can't be said for some of the dealerships w	
1 It is an amazing car!	
2 car is living up to very high expectations so far 	
2 Came out of a Mercedes for this car and don't miss it.	Our other car is a E class Bluetec and this is just as nice to drive.	
2 Very happy with this vehicle.	Would recommend it to anyone.	
2 the price isnt cheap the quality is poor 	
1 Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	
2 Great car, affordable and good looking, far better build quality than the Jetta (hence more expensive) 	
2 Excellent car so far.	We have a 2012 with 35,000 and have had no problems so far 	
1 power AND economy.	roomy.	safe.	quiet.	smooth.	
1 Great Car 2001 lasted 11 years with only routine maintenance.	
2 I never buyer a Golf Gti again .	
2 2500 km so far and looking forward to driving several 100,000 more!	
2 Great overall car.	
2 One has to enjoy driving and a great factory stereo, and sometimes deep pockets to repair car!!	
1 Quality car as opposed to the US made Jetta which ses cheaper components in a number of areas.	For example, the Golf TDI as 4 wheel disk brakes.	
1 I've had quicker, better handling cars (Porsche 911), more luxurious cars (Acura Legend), and more economical cars (VW Beetle), but this is a very good blend of the best features of each.	I have a fairly long commute and need something reliable and econo	
2 Nothing can surpass VW's DSG.	Such a Joy to drive without the hassle of always having to shift in traffic.	
2 Have had absolutely no problems at 10 months and 11,000 miles.	
2 The Jetta S. 2.0 5 speed manual is a great vehicle if you don't have to drive up hills or start on a hill or carry 4 adults in the vehicle.	
1 It is worthy for the price.	
2 Great combination of comfort, handling, economy, and an awesome cross-country cruiser.	
1 It is OK, but I advise you shop & compare before making a decision.	
2 I love this car!	Haven't been this happy with a car for a long time.	
2 It is my first family car but it does not look like one!	
2 I really like my car!	
1 Much better than a Prius any day of the week.	
1 The best bang for the buck!	You get all the bells and whistles for the starting price of accords, camrys, etc 	
1 Buy one 	
1 The best car in its segment at a low price.	The best deal you can get.	
1 I'm afraid the performance of this vehicle will get me into trouble with law enforcement.	
2 Great car for the price!	
2 Im super happy with my 2013 jetta.	It drives excellent, I got a great deal on it and I look forward to driving it everday!	
1 This is the ultimate driving machine regardless what other makes think!	
1 Buy one 	
2 Not many station wagons can match the versatility, fuel mileage, and fun factor of the Sportwagen TDI.	
2 highly recommend for low cost ownership and high reliability 	
2 Excellent vehicle.	Very happy with purchase so far.	
2 Best vehicle I have ever owned!	
2 Buyer Beware 	
2 A great car in town and on the road.	The dogs love their own area to hang out in.	
1 If they ever allow the e-ron Diesel engine to be sold in the USA will trade up to it the day it's available.	
2 I use the vehicle for route service.	I always have 300lb or more of cargo plus my 250lb and still get 40mpg.	I looked around a lot before purchasing and couldn't find anything even close to the storage/mpg of the diesel sportwagen.	I have had it a year n	
2 Great car, i would buy another one .	
2 Best vehicle I have ever owned!	
1 Though uglier and not as fun to drive, I would recommend a Prius V over this car.	
1 great car.	
2 Everything as good or better than advertized!	Not one complaint.	
1 Overall an excellent car!	
2 It's OK, I suppose, but I would not buy a VW again.	
1 If you commute or do a lot of highway driving,the TDI is the vehicle for you.	If you only drive around town and put very little miles on in a year then the TDI would be overkill, stick with the gas model.	
1 The Passat has many of the luxury sedan features, space and comforts that we test drove for a fraction of the price.	
2 Cons cont'd: The fuse has blown twice (blew for the 2nd time when I plugged it in to test it at the dealers service center parking lot).	Working for the last day; so hoping it was faulty fuses vice a ground in the electrical system.Overall Review: Have h	
2 I would rate this car at a 9.9 	
2 Love it- highly recommend.	
2 Love this car... 	
1 Great car 	
2 The diesel is the only way to go with this model.	
2 As long a diesel prices stay steady and available atmore places this is the way to go.	
2 Excellant investment.	
1 verygood 	
2 Terrific vehicle for commuting & long (500+ mile per day) trips.	
1 overall very nice to drive and am considering buying it.	
2 quiet the driving experience and vw will have a solid 10 	
2 Buy the V6 passat, it's worth it.	
1 I expected a higher reliability for this car.	
1 May be a good option for those who prioritize handling.	
2 I liked the car but concentrated on driving so I can't comment on the cars other qualities.	
2 I consider the Routan to be a solid van.	
1 Good looking van but not at all worth the money when you factor in the down time for repair.	
2 Would recommend to anyone looking for a minivan 	
1 Very%20nice%20SUV%2C%20fits%20in%20all%20ares 	
2 Love it!!	
1 Should have purchased this car years ago.	
2 I love this SUV!	compact and has the power/performance to boot.	Just the perfect size for me, great driving position, seats are very comfortable and adjustable height position on the center arm rest.	
2 Great car, great price.	I typically have buyers remorse and have not had it even the slightest since buying the car 6 months ago.	
2 Paid a little more than I planned for this vehicle, but it has all the bells and whistles which I love.	
2 Would recommend the car.	
2 Great engineering, handling and passenger room.	A pleasure to drive in any conditions.	
2 I would buy again if they can fix the ticking in the doors.	
2 Great buy, very happy w my purchase 	
2 I absolutely love this SUV 	
1 Great vehicle overall.	Would have liked to have a Diesel TDI.....but that is NOT available in Canada.	
2 Wonderful luxury SUV.	
